Timothy Sackton: We'll start in the farewell. But If there's any like
Timothy Sackton: mechanics or other details that people want to resolve now before I do, my intro.
Timothy Sackton: Let me now.
Timothy Sackton: are we? Are we good to go?
Eric Rosenbaum: So we made a decision about the typhenia thing which is governing what will happen next.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
okay.
Timothy Sackton: So I I mean, I think you're feel free to like discuss
Timothy Sackton: you. I mean.
Timothy Sackton: I am
Timothy Sackton: There's gonna be time to role, play like both meeting this random guy
Timothy Sackton: and also
Timothy Sackton: meeting back with each other. But.
Timothy Sackton: we're gonna do like a whole. Another episode that's just like
Timothy Sackton: and touching up on plot. So we don't need to do a lot of plot 3 caps at the moment
Mike Sackton: A. And just met. It might be better to save too much recapping for.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, there's there'll be plot reasons like talking for too long. So good
Mike Sackton: Don't worry. I was assuming Tim was creating a plot reason to not sit around for a long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, really quick Tim, did I? Cause I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenza also is just showing up right. It's like a period.
Timothy Sackton: You yeah, you've now. So Kento has been here for maybe.
Timothy Sackton: Well, it's always sunset, so it's hard to judge how long.
Timothy Sackton: but long enough to rest and sleep and meditate a little bit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just waiting.
Timothy Sackton: You are waiting. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And then you saw
Timothy Sackton: Seeker
Timothy Sackton: and 3 people you didn't know show up.
Timothy Sackton: And then
Timothy Sackton: 2 of them laughed.
Timothy Sackton: and one stayed behind, and then we'll be showing up, and that's where we're going to pick up sort of
Timothy Sackton: the moment while they arise
Nice
Timothy Sackton: oops. That's a little
Timothy Sackton: Okay?
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: last light falls in the Fay realm of amberglow
Timothy Sackton: is hidden among rocky cliffs, a place of calm where water cascades from the rocks above to clear to a clear pool below, the long shadows
Timothy Sackton: of sunset spilling across the water.
Timothy Sackton: the last leg of the day catching the spray and turning it to a glittering rainbow
Timothy Sackton: in the empty, desolate realm of amberglow. This remains one of the few places all are in safety
Timothy Sackton: as a group of travelers gather here, some reunited after long separation, and others Booly, that
Timothy Sackton: the cloud spinners feels their presence even from her prison far away, and she drifts in thought.
Timothy Sackton: He remembers the days of plenty in amberglow
Timothy Sackton: when she ruled as the Queen of Sunsets, when the glorious colors of the evening sun turned the sky in the grass
Timothy Sackton: and the water and the rocks to ever changing paintings
Timothy Sackton: when she spun threads of magic and color from the sky.
Timothy Sackton: When her car dazzled any who came with her beauty and elegance.
Timothy Sackton: she remembers the fateful day. She was tricked, bound, and captive. Her tools stole in her life constrained
Timothy Sackton: amber glow slowly falling into ruin.
Timothy Sackton: She remembers how she could feel the footsteps of decay, a constant reminder of her fate
Timothy Sackton: as the color ran out from amber Glow.
Timothy Sackton: her magnificent cloud palace fell into disarray.
Timothy Sackton: Her current. Court and servants fled or lost, save the few who hung on
Timothy Sackton: in desperation or fear or confusion.
Timothy Sackton: Slowly turning as pale and colorless as the land itself.
Timothy Sackton: she remembers the darkness that crept over her around them, the cursed ones, the hags and tricksters and malicious spirits
Timothy Sackton: of the unseely cart
Timothy Sackton: who came after. She was God who conquered and claimed amber Glow as their own.
Timothy Sackton: who filled the round with darkness and despair.
Timothy Sackton: She remembers how they hunted down her remaining subjects, and how they desecrated the places that had what's held such beauty and light.
Timothy Sackton: She also remembers the resistance, the brave Fay and other creatures who fought back, who formed secret alliances and underground networks.
Timothy Sackton: who kept the spark of hope alive even in Amberglow's darkest days.
Timothy Sackton: Iphina, the protector of the Heartward Grove.
Timothy Sackton: Therein the Lady of the Lake, who drained the river of Time
Timothy Sackton: ballot, or the changeling King, who sacrificed himself to hide the ruins of the flag palace from those that would mean harm.
Timothy Sackton: So she watches and waits, and she hopes for the day when she will be free, and when amberglow will once again be a realm of beauty and wonder.
Timothy Sackton: Until then she will continue to dream and hold on to the memory of what once was and what could be again.
Timothy Sackton: And as our story fades from the Cloud Spinner and turns now to the travelers, at last light falls you may yet have a small role to play in the story of Amber Globe.
Timothy Sackton: Why, Don't, we introduce
Timothy Sackton: the people who are here.
Timothy Sackton: What's the start.
Mike Sackton: Alice
Mike Sackton: is a
Mike Sackton: wow, okay? So you don't know his name yet, obviously. But standing before you is a
Mike Sackton: tall.
Mike Sackton: a human
Mike Sackton: well muscled
Mike Sackton: wearing
Mike Sackton: heavy armor and carrying a great sword.
Mike Sackton: A large sword
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: is.
Mike Sackton: has prominent runes, written all the way down the blade, and twisting around there
Mike Sackton: he walks, he's wearing a
Mike Sackton: somewhat tattered. Most of his equipment is very good shape. He looks like he knows how to use the sword he looks like he
Mike Sackton: as well traveled.
Mike Sackton: but on his
Mike Sackton: sort of a he has a tavern which is tattered. It's a bit fallen apart. It's not in very good shape. You can just see
Mike Sackton: on it
Mike Sackton: the Roman numeral 3.
Mike Sackton: And so some writing
Mike Sackton: I forget who would recognize, and which people these would recognize the language
Timothy Sackton: kenzel.
Mike Sackton: So Kenzo would recognize that some writing and drink Quarian underneath the free.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What to say
Mike Sackton: it? Says,
Mike Sackton: Silvas legion.
Mike Sackton: and there's a rank insignia on the Talbot, too.
Mike Sackton: like you say, like some symbol right?
Mike Sackton: so call it.
Mike Sackton: This man sort of
Mike Sackton: is standing a little bit aside from
Mike Sackton: Seeker White Keys was with Seeker clearly, but not
Mike Sackton: part of
Mike Sackton: not close to him.
Mike Sackton: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: And he looks
Mike Sackton: he looks deeply lost, and thought
Mike Sackton: like he's trying to remember something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker is more or less the seeker that you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: Gazing thoughtfully out at the falls while he
Eric Rosenbaum: twirls
Eric Rosenbaum: between his fingers
Eric Rosenbaum: a
Eric Rosenbaum: a magical thread.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can't tell you actually
Eric Rosenbaum: what color it is right now, because Tim will have to say
Timothy Sackton: it's
Timothy Sackton: a dog r
to the secret.
Eric Rosenbaum: twists it around them
it up to the light
Eric Rosenbaum: to
Eric Rosenbaum: he's got his usual
Eric Rosenbaum: richly braided auburn
Eric Rosenbaum: beard and me.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: the hair swept back
Eric Rosenbaum: from his. I dwarven forehead
Eric Rosenbaum: makes you glance again at it when you notice that there is a
Eric Rosenbaum: pale white streak that wasn't there before down the center of his head.
Eric Rosenbaum: And he's also got
Eric Rosenbaum: the strange
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Eric Rosenbaum: but just one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as you got the wet.
Rev. David (he/him): which hand is it?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I didn't think about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Does that have any like giant stones in it?
Eric Rosenbaum: He's he's not
Eric Rosenbaum: glaring it on his hand at the moment it's it.
Advice
Eric Rosenbaum: firm was built, but
Eric Rosenbaum: notice it
Eric Rosenbaum: little bit with 2 gemstones.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, wellbe, I think, is just arriving
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, this moment.
Rev. David (he/him): riding on the
Rev. David (he/him): back of Baxter, who's now got the
Rev. David (he/him): elaborate dwarven rune-covered saddle that we recovered from the Dragon's horde on him and his his matching armor looking very
Rev. David (he/him): fierce.
Rev. David (he/him): will be dressed a little incongruously in in sort of sailors clothes. The short pants gathered just below the knee, and barefoot
Rev. David (he/him): and loose tunic, with the quiver of arrows at his side, sort of the other in a wide straw sailor's hat and a deep deep tan.
Eric Rosenbaum: You never seen a like this before.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't think so, and a huge grin that, seeing the
Rev. David (he/him): 2 of you and a little bit of befuddlement at the
Rev. David (he/him): at the other.
Mike Sackton: I i'll give Kenza a chance before I, but
Mike Sackton: as soon as
Mike Sackton: wellbe comes through the gate.
Mike Sackton: this
Mike Sackton: a man and armor start striding towards him like he wants to ask a question.
but
Mike Sackton: I don't want to take away cogs, so go ahead.
Timothy Sackton: Well, Bobby doesn't come through a gate. He just appears okay as soon as he appears.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Kenzo is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of sitting cross-legged
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just in in quiet contemplation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he looks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He books.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you recognize him, of course.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His hair is longer much much longer now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's still tied back. But you notice just in general all of them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of features of his clothing. are are completely new. he's wearing a kind of a a dark greenish robe, but made out of a material you don't. You don't quite recognize.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and it looks, but it looks really like lush and almost alive with the clothing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he's got his hair tied back, you know as as it's been before, but you notice it's you know it's tied back with what looks like, you know either either ranching or or some type of like, you know, just living something, you know. It looks like something that came from a jungle, or it came from someplace alive.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tied back a few grades back. He's got a couple of your pierces now that you've noticed a little a little
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of additional additional kind of markings on his ears.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you also see, you know, under his, his, his robe he's wearing kind of a a tunic as well, but again, like it looks like it's made out of like large different types of of multicolored leaves that are kind of strewn together in knit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So it's got a a really beautiful quality to it. It looks very sturdy, and it looks very well worn, but also just clearly like it was made from a tree or a plant, or just literally just not not something not a typical kind of textile process.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you notice as well just kind of peeking out from his his left arm as he sits. this the new tattoo you haven't seen before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: of what looks like a winding dragon
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with almost a a cat-like face kind of poking up at the top of his arm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And you know he's he's sitting there just just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: peacefully.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: smiles broadly when the wellbe appears out of nowhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, sorry! One other thing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: His staff, the staff, is sitting out, laid across from his they across his lab, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you recognize and definitely can tell that there appear to be more rooms cut into the bottom, that there's been more carvings, and so on. etched into the bottom, and you will also notice at the top of the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: From our as we departed previously. There's now a cluster of jade at the top of the the staff from our previous adventure. But you've also noticed now, at the top of his staff, the entire top of the staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: again feels like alive like there's actual like plants like roaming, and some strange berries, and strange kind of colored plants that you have never seen before. Kind of wrapped around the top of the staff around where where the jade is.
Mike Sackton: though
Mike Sackton: as soon as Welby appears.
Mike Sackton: This this man strides towards him briskly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Robin.
Rev. David (he/him): Hey, hey, hey?
Rev. David (he/him): But I
Rev. David (he/him): how?
Rev. David (he/him): How's it been? Who's this guy?
Rev. David (he/him): Hi, I'm. Welby
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: so he he calls out,
Mike Sackton: in.
Mike Sackton: They're ready to you. Speak, Craig?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I do, he he calls out. Just a hello and drink Quarian.
Mike Sackton: And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: do you secret? And I know who this is.
Timothy Sackton: Speaker does.
Mike Sackton: Okay, you don't You've never seen him before.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I traveled with this guy for a day or so.
Yeah, that
Mike Sackton: he he he calls out.
Mike Sackton: He he calls out to well be first a greeting in
Mike Sackton: Drake Korean, and then
Mike Sackton: he continues in sort of a heavily accented common like it's
Mike Sackton: you can understand him, but it's not.
Mike Sackton: It feels foreign to you in some way.
Mike Sackton: Greetings from
Mike Sackton: from the other side.
Mike Sackton: can you tell me how goes the war.
Rev. David (he/him): Well,
Rev. David (he/him): It depends on the war.
Mike Sackton: I I am
Mike Sackton: Kallas Apportino, captain of the third Syllabus Legion.
Mike Sackton: I'm seeking news of improvestion.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: callous your whoever you are, just to just pause for 1 s.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well done.
Rev. David (he/him): hey?
Rev. David (he/him): I'll hop off of Baxter and
Rev. David (he/him): the
Rev. David (he/him): come over and give each of you big Handshakes and hugs
Eric Rosenbaum: I it's good to see you again. Looks like you've been adventuring.
Rev. David (he/him): I have had the best time. This has been so good, man. I,
Eric Rosenbaum: Baxter, is well appointed as well as
Rev. David (he/him): yeah. Baxter. Humans is head down for chin scratches.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am so glad that we
Eric Rosenbaum: and then
Rev. David (he/him): you you both seem different.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You both seem different as well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker. Maybe you can shut a little bit more like on.
Eric Rosenbaum: So this warrior is a little bit confused about the where and when, but aren't we all.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he seems to come from a time
Eric Rosenbaum: long past, hopefully not
Eric Rosenbaum: distant future, or something like that. I don't think that's possible, but
Eric Rosenbaum: he
Eric Rosenbaum: bring it on clear.
Eric Rosenbaum: The exact timelines involved reminds me a bit of deal with. Actually, you know what I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think he's trapped here or something.
Rev. David (he/him): Was he referencing a
Rev. David (he/him): emperor from several 1,000 years ago?
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the war he's talking about is not the the big one of a couple 100 years ago, but but a different
Eric Rosenbaum: different war. Yes, friend, what Emperor again.
Mike Sackton: and progression
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to better that ever.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if you check
Timothy Sackton: yeah, make a history check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fortunately
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I to make extra check.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you not rolling
there? It is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a 9.
Timothy Sackton: No, I mean. There's
Timothy Sackton: you, you add.
Timothy Sackton: studied this long, long list of drink, Orion, and then Chardonian emperors
Timothy Sackton: at 1 point in with Kaiso, and he was sort of like you don't care about this. I don't care about this. It was like it was like that time I skimmed that J. George, our our Martin book.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
please.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I should say I'm grateful to call us for helping to lead. But
Eric Rosenbaum: party I was with through the hills and into this place where
Eric Rosenbaum: apparently this is our one chance to get on.
Mike Sackton: You must have some news of the world.
Mike Sackton: It can't have been
that one
Mike Sackton: drink or still stands. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: not as far as we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So sad news about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you might want to sit down.
Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, you do have news.
Mike Sackton: share it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just that we come from a different time
Eric Rosenbaum: one that you know
Eric Rosenbaum: a distant time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Distance, time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, in the future.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: does pass strangely, but
Mike Sackton: drank Our can't have been forgotten.
Eric Rosenbaum: We know of drink.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I speak in Jan Cory into him it is not forgotten.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? And
Eric Rosenbaum: and indeed the
Eric Rosenbaum: its resonances down. The ages are
Eric Rosenbaum: relevant once again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know of the i'm for a paulion.
Mike Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: it's no Emperor. There's never been an Emperor
Mike Sackton: with that name. I'm certain of that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: how did you end up here in the Fay wild again?
Eric Rosenbaum: See? Trapped here?
Mike Sackton: Do not believe
Mike Sackton: I had a chance to share that story with you
Mike Sackton: was
Mike Sackton: so hard to remember.
Mike Sackton: I think I
Mike Sackton: I sometimes think I
Mike Sackton: maybe have been here for longer.
Mike Sackton: Then I believe
Mike Sackton: the the details are fuzzy.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: there was a dragon
Mike Sackton: I tried.
Mike Sackton: I was leading a
Mike Sackton: holding down a fortification.
Mike Sackton: trying to
Mike Sackton: trying to hold reinforcements, trying to hold out until reinforcements arrived from drink or an improvestion
Mike Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: It was important that that the rebels not
Mike Sackton: take this place.
Mike Sackton: though I cannot.
Mike Sackton: I should be able to remember what we were defending. It's a commander's first responsibility.
Mike Sackton: but I cannot for some reason.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: the griffins
Mike Sackton: we're flying overhead. I remember that. Why, that nothing at
Mike Sackton: But there was a
Mike Sackton: there was a there was a dragon
Mike Sackton: dragons.
Mike Sackton: There's ways to fight them.
Mike Sackton: The mages cast their spells, and the vines and the chains brought the creature to the ground, and my troops rushed in, and and yes, the dragonfire took some of us, but that's to be expected.
Mike Sackton: There is much glory in dying by dragonfire for one's kingdom and country.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: wow.
Mike Sackton: that's what you tell yourself. At least I guess
Mike Sackton: in the moment. It's just terror, really, and trying to find a way to to kill the thing before. before it kills us all!
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: and we were succeeding
Mike Sackton: until the dead troops began to rise again and fight the mages.
Eric Rosenbaum: It was not
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: and and and i'll turn to blackness after that.
Mike Sackton: and I remember little else except running, running.
Mike Sackton: escaping baby
Mike Sackton: I do not know.
Mike Sackton: but I recalled an ancient story
Mike Sackton: of these
Mike Sackton: treaty stones
Mike Sackton: placed by ancient Alvin Magic.
Mike Sackton: I thought
Mike Sackton: perhaps perhaps I can get some help from the elves or the fay. I don't know what I was thinking.
Mike Sackton: but I ran to them.
Mike Sackton: I awoke here.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the same place.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's so easy to get back where you came from.
Mike Sackton: It was different when I came here.
Mike Sackton: It was not so desolate.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, one question.
Eric Rosenbaum: What color was the dragon.
Tim?
Mike Sackton: go ahead and say something, and i'll decide if it's true. Later, I I recall it being red and black
Mike Sackton: blood
Mike Sackton: blood red most of it, but with strikes, stripes of black on its wings.
Mike Sackton: and then unusual coloration that I do not
Mike Sackton: what we call learning about.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he was defeated. He said.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is it?
Mike Sackton: No, I I do not know, but
Mike Sackton: it was near death when
Mike Sackton: my dead soldiers rose up from the ground and attacked our mages.
Mike Sackton: As the Mages fell, the chains holding the dragon down
Mike Sackton: collapsed.
Mike Sackton: and it flew into the sky.
Mike Sackton: I do not remember more, but I assume it was not killed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. This thing, apart from what we've seen with garage, this thing of like raising
Eric Rosenbaum: the dead in battle.
Eric Rosenbaum: His last name.
Eric Rosenbaum: You like it.
Eric Rosenbaum: or is it extremely rare?
Timothy Sackton: It would require powerful magic to the best of your knowledge. But it's
Timothy Sackton: I mean, Certainly this sort of thing happens in stories and
Timothy Sackton: tails. Right, that
Timothy Sackton: necromance, or some sort of necromancer charges under the field. And
Eric Rosenbaum: so when we raise our army, if we wanted to.
Timothy Sackton: You know it's it's it's it's not an uncommon trope in terms of
Timothy Sackton: like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, at your experience sort of reading
Timothy Sackton: tales and legends of
Timothy Sackton: battle magic and things like that.
Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not like just at the end of it.
Possible
Timothy Sackton: powerful. But I mean it's the sort it's sort of like dragons right? It's like there's plenty of tales of it, but
Timothy Sackton: you know
Eric Rosenbaum: most people with them to have.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, exactly.
Rev. David (he/him): Do you know of a black tower on a perfectly circular island in the sea.
Mike Sackton: I'm looking at Tim here.
Mike Sackton: do you? It was it in the list of things I thought. You remember. That's
Timothy Sackton: a black.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I. My memories are so fragmented I I cannot recall. To be honest.
I
Mike Sackton: I remember
Mike Sackton: my appointment ceremony.
Mike Sackton: Emperor Helena.
Mike Sackton: who later, died, I think, under
Mike Sackton: dark circumstances. But there was no Black Tower Circular island that I recall
Mike Sackton: You're on mute
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, the this tower on this island I've dreamed of. Often
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've spoken of it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you seen it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you been there now?
Rev. David (he/him): I haven't No; but
Rev. David (he/him): thinking of how to date
Rev. David (he/him): our friend's life.
Rev. David (he/him): and whether it might have come before or after the creation of those artifacts after the creation of the ring.
Rev. David (he/him): if it if the ring along with the cloak sector was made on that island.
Rev. David (he/him): I don't know. Maybe it was a clue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Better game.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was that what it was? What was the deal with the Allen
Timothy Sackton: in in High School.
Rev. David (he/him): No island.
Mike Sackton: the Black tower in the circular.
Mike Sackton: All we know about you don't. Actually You're going to run about them except your your dreams. We know it from the vision of the center of command, and you don't miss smear
Timothy Sackton: right.
Timothy Sackton: That's right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but you didn't but Schwartz, you were implying that the ring was created there.
Rev. David (he/him): So I'm, looking back at the notes on the receptor of command.
Timothy Sackton: it's possible the scepter was created there.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, the oldest vision that we had of the scepter was newly made, holding it, looking out the window of that tower on that island.
Rev. David (he/him): got that, you know that's no there. There's a bunch of other assumptions in the question, but it
Rev. David (he/him): fruitless. Anyway.
Mike Sackton: I was on the frontier more than anywhere else.
Mike Sackton: That was my true home, helping
Mike Sackton: defend the border, and
Rev. David (he/him): which frontier
Mike Sackton: it was.
Mike Sackton: I remember
Mike Sackton: the elves were there.
Mike Sackton: and remember a feast with the elves.
Mike Sackton: I cannot.
Mike Sackton: cannot place it.
though
Mike Sackton: it must have been.
Mike Sackton: must have been to the north
Mike Sackton: somewhere
Mike Sackton: north, and
Mike Sackton: there was a forest for sure.
Mike Sackton: I know much of tracking in the forest that I learned in that frontier
Eric Rosenbaum: all as that giant with the cauldron.
Eric Rosenbaum: We knocked him down and
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't let him take any of my memories or our other friends. But
Eric Rosenbaum: since he's taken some of yours.
I have
Mike Sackton: been to that giant before
Eric Rosenbaum: thing. That explains a lot.
Eric Rosenbaum: You had a bit of a rough time getting here, my friends.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and where is your seeker?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right. You've just arrived. Welcome
Eric Rosenbaum: to be wild
Eric Rosenbaum: friends.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're traveling between the planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I at least I've always dreamed to do. It's not so
Eric Rosenbaum: the the and fluid of transition is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hope, but we're learning
Eric Rosenbaum: This is a strange place.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're just deal with the wild.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know you haven't seen him
Mike Sackton: who is deal with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is this the Mon itself?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Don't worry about him. Yeah. Bent on destroying the world is fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: very shadowy, dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yet some out, my friend.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how did you know to come here. How did we meet here? How are you here? Wellby.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a great question. Ken.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm. It's so good. So it
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Rev. David (he/him): hmm. Hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): So
I emerged
Rev. David (he/him): 2,000 miles east of where I last saw you on the eastern edge of the Green Sea.
Rev. David (he/him): And
Rev. David (he/him): I met Kengu. They are great. They're awesome. Oh, those guys
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker starts to blink rapidly and
Eric Rosenbaum: and sort of rub his brow a little bit
Rev. David (he/him): and
Rev. David (he/him): is a lot of things happen. But long story shirt. I found a wizard who was trapped in a mirror dimension and freed him, and then he sent me here.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I hate to cut your story short. Apparently I didn't. It was very.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the thing to put. But
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm hearing from
Eric Rosenbaum: typhoon, the they spirit trapped in this in this ring that we collected from Gata's layer
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Rev. David (he/him): well, she just she suggests that we we get a move on. Oh, wait! Well, no, no, no, no, no! Because the cottage there reminds me of something extremely
Rev. David (he/him): extremely important, and will be reaches into his back and takes out the little figure of the obsidian fly that we've been. He's been carrying around ever since he got his layer
Rev. David (he/him): to me and fly that won't ever follow directions
and says,
Rev. David (he/him): So
Rev. David (he/him): the wizard who sent me here
Rev. David (he/him): I asked him, Why won't this fly? Ever do what I tell it to? And he explained very clearly the reason it won't
Rev. David (he/him): that it cannot serve a new master
Rev. David (he/him): until its old master is dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: and burn the body.
Eric Rosenbaum: or so we thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, Typhoon is suggesting to me that Amber Glow is is this place that we're in right now, by the way, is is quite dangerous! And she has enemies here.
Eric Rosenbaum: and Gata once once lived here
Eric Rosenbaum: after the Cloud Spinner departed.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm strange.
Mike Sackton: This place used to be different
Eric Rosenbaum: now.
Mike Sackton: Any.
Mike Sackton: It must have been many years ago.
Eric Rosenbaum: The colors all drained from it. Yes, of course, and and and the lady even tied, gave me this this thread and red, I think, is supposed to
Eric Rosenbaum: reveal
Eric Rosenbaum: of sunset on the other side of the falls where we're trying to get back to
Eric Rosenbaum: to
Eric Rosenbaum: to Talgar.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe I should ask Typhoon for advice. Where should we go?
Timothy Sackton: i'll just say, since Seeker will translate presently.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, well.
Timothy Sackton: But remember, I said.
Timothy Sackton: my home.
that the
Timothy Sackton: the grove that I was defending is not far from here.
Timothy Sackton: East.
Rev. David (he/him): you I apologize for interrupting. But do you see those guys?
Rev. David (he/him): And I point up in the sky.
Rev. David (he/him): and it may be that no one else is able to see them. But there's 5 creatures flying over there, I mean we They're headed this way. Let's get out of here.
Mike Sackton: Call us draws his sword.
Mike Sackton: Let's leave him and go and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, no, he's not like drawing his sword in front of him, or anything.
Mike Sackton: Hey?
Mike Sackton: Did Can I see them?
Timothy Sackton: You can see like Dots lobby is the only one who's got good enough perception to actually make out any shape.
Eric Rosenbaum: didn't we build a telescope for will be
Eric Rosenbaum: so here. So
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I still got a little
Rev. David (he/him): how to spyglass?
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: let us
Mike Sackton: let us Harry.
Mike Sackton: I will. I will
Mike Sackton: guard the rear and the lead.
Mike Sackton: a second
Mike Sackton: cullis splits off from him.
Mike Sackton: and like a shadowy gray version.
Mike Sackton: like not fully in color, right? like an echo
Mike Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: and takes up the rear.
Mike Sackton: Typhoon.
Mike Sackton: were you a
Mike Sackton: disciple of the of the Cloud Spinner?
Eric Rosenbaum: She's still trapped in the ring. But
Eric Rosenbaum: I I can ask her.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think more to the point. I'll ask her what direction to go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, it will head that way.
Timothy Sackton: so she says.
Timothy Sackton: yes, I I knew the Cloud Spinner.
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: go
Timothy Sackton: go towards the
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: towards the east.
Timothy Sackton: Across the plane
Timothy Sackton: there was a a river.
Timothy Sackton: a river of time
Timothy Sackton: that flowed forwards and backwards in time instead of space.
Timothy Sackton: do not know if it is still there.
Eric Rosenbaum: But across the river
Timothy Sackton: a friend.
Timothy Sackton: a a nymph by the name of
Timothy Sackton: Melissa!
Timothy Sackton: she can!
Timothy Sackton: She can direct you, I I I
Timothy Sackton: I don't know how much I can help
Timothy Sackton: find your way without being able to see.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: my Lucine was one of the few
Timothy Sackton: of the Cloud Spinners
Timothy Sackton: Court who remained.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: if if you can find her.
Timothy Sackton: she can lead you, or direct you
Timothy Sackton: to to my home, to
Timothy Sackton: the heart would grow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker looks up nervously at this guy. And how do we get you out of this ring?
Mike Sackton: Let's
Mike Sackton: let's talk while we run.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: We set forth.
Timothy Sackton: So you set out
Timothy Sackton: Well.
Timothy Sackton: in the grow.
Timothy Sackton: There is a
Timothy Sackton: a great tree.
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: massive, thick.
Timothy Sackton: spindly oak that grows
Timothy Sackton: wider than any tree you've seen before.
Timothy Sackton: and it is.
Timothy Sackton: It is a
Timothy Sackton: the essence
Timothy Sackton: of wood. It is
Timothy Sackton: malleable, and
Timothy Sackton: life giving.
Timothy Sackton: If you can get me to that tree. I believe
Timothy Sackton: I will
Timothy Sackton: be able to emerge from this
Timothy Sackton: prison. I am in into a new body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where's the street? I didn't.
Timothy Sackton: It is in the center of the Hartwood grove
Timothy Sackton: to the east.
Timothy Sackton: It was the domain that I was
Timothy Sackton: charged to protect.
Mike Sackton: Have I ever do I have any recollection of this river of time. Place?
Timothy Sackton: yes, so you've You've traveled as far as the river. The river is now dry.
Timothy Sackton: There's no water that flows in that.
Timothy Sackton: You have not crossed the river bed.
Timothy Sackton: but you know that you know the direction to the river, and you've heard
Timothy Sackton: You've heard of
Timothy Sackton: of the
Timothy Sackton: knows to me, but you never met her. You have a vague sense of where her
Timothy Sackton: home is.
Timothy Sackton: It was once like a
Timothy Sackton: have this vague memory of of this one's vibrant pool.
Timothy Sackton: you haven't been
Timothy Sackton: along the river. So on the river. Yeah, along the river.
Timothy Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: also sort of set off towards like. He seems like he knows where he's going, at least generally
Mike Sackton: and he like occasionally swaps places with his.
Mike Sackton: Sometimes the echo disappears. Sometimes it reappears, but it's like you kind of shifting back and forth in both the front
in the back
Mike Sackton: and trying to keep an eye sort of
Mike Sackton: scout all directions.
Mike Sackton: but he seems like he knows where he's going. Come.
Mike Sackton: companions.
Mike Sackton: I think we should do. Is this
Mike Sackton: Typhenia? Says I,
Mike Sackton: are the creatures gaining on us?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they do seem to be gaining on you a little bit. So my soul slide callous.
Timothy Sackton: okay,
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: well, 10 just as strong as you are.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know what's 3 words to describe what callous is feeling
Mike Sackton: purposeful.
Mike Sackton: confused.
Mike Sackton: regretful.
Timothy Sackton: he is very strong.
Timothy Sackton: a a bit weak on the Intelligence front.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you do get you get a sense of
Timothy Sackton: It's not exactly age.
Timothy Sackton: I mean, he's definitely.
Timothy Sackton: He's definitely old like he's. He's weirdly old for a human. And there's also this
Timothy Sackton: thick layer of sort of this fay
Timothy Sackton: sense
Timothy Sackton: over that sort of clouds. His mind
Timothy Sackton: like it's not
Timothy Sackton: I mean you've soul cited lots of people in your life right during the past 9, almost 10 months since you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no
Timothy Sackton: got this ability, and
Timothy Sackton: there is something just
Timothy Sackton: a tinge on human about him.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps from long exposure to the faint wild.
Timothy Sackton: what order are you in as you run. So callous is in the front of the back
Eric Rosenbaum: again. Next.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll take the second from the back.
Timothy Sackton: Ken does in the middle.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, you're I mean you're
Timothy Sackton: are the fliers gaining on us, tracking us. What's they have clearly spotted You and seem to be
Timothy Sackton: gaining on you slowly.
Timothy Sackton: not
Timothy Sackton: They're They're flying faster than you can run.
Timothy Sackton: but they're not gaining very quickly.
Timothy Sackton: You know they they're going barely faster.
Mike Sackton: Any defense, a good defensive positions around, or at least i'll keep an eye out.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, something that would
Mike Sackton: sorry. Go ahead. Anything that will give us cover from above.
Timothy Sackton: As you leave the falls, you sort of break into.
Timothy Sackton: you know, a
Timothy Sackton: a more open plane. But there's these occasional like big, jagged
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: pillars of stone, sort of like these in the background here like behind Eric's head.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, that sort of jot up across the plane. You get the sense that you know it's all despite the fact that it's sunlight. They're all sort of gray flat.
Timothy Sackton: you get the sense that once, long ago these would have been
Timothy Sackton: like all sorts of reds and ochre and orange hues from the color of the sunset sort of like a row of sort of almost like decorative killers
Timothy Sackton: scattered across the plane. But at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, everything is just kind of dull. But there are.
Timothy Sackton: you know, every half mile or something. There's another little cluster of these
Timothy Sackton: that that stick out.
Timothy Sackton: So as you run.
Mike Sackton: go ahead. I was just going to say, I think these
Mike Sackton: creatures will catch us. If there's
Mike Sackton: spot we can be sheltered from attacks from the above.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it possible they are friends? We just Haven't met.
Mike Sackton: There are few friends in the Amberg oil.
Rev. David (he/him): I give you a suspicious look.
There.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did not come from here.
Mike Sackton: I am not from the amber glow, although
Mike Sackton: do not know if i'm a friend
Mike Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: here I have something to atone for in this
Mike Sackton: I know not what.
Mike Sackton: But the best way to atone for things is by killing other things right?
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll be. Where can we find
Eric Rosenbaum: cover. What do you think?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): Let's find a defensible position. Kansas.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, i'm just seeker. Aren't you the one that knows this place.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I've I've I've been here a while and traveled through it. I've never been to this particular part that's for sure.
Timothy Sackton: Is there any I mean, I I don't remember any specific spot, right? I mean, these towers are our best bet. Yeah, if you wanted to get some, if you wanted somewhere where you could get cover, you know. One of these pillars is probably your best bet.
Timothy Sackton: you know. At this point these creatures are maybe
Timothy Sackton: 4 or 500 feet away from you.
Timothy Sackton: And still gaining, and you can see details now. They they they're sort of.
Timothy Sackton: They're human looking
Timothy Sackton: women.
Timothy Sackton: long sort of scraggly hair, sort of ragged robes with great, big, powerful wings.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: legs like claws of a of a
Timothy Sackton: vulture, the big, powerful wings of a vulture. But the torso and
Timothy Sackton: arms and head
Timothy Sackton: of a woman sort of bearing down on you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Them? they close enough to start to the cell site.
Timothy Sackton: No, I think you you have to be within.
Mike Sackton: How close are we to one of these pillars.
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: 200 feet away?
Eric Rosenbaum: Him. I've used charges of things.
Eric Rosenbaum: I remember, if there would have been a rest between them. And
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you should have gotten a rest and reset your your charges. I think
Timothy Sackton: if there is anything
Timothy Sackton: yeah, there's anything you need to reset. But just go ahead and do it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Let's head for the Castle point to one of the pillars. Let's head there.
Hmm!
Rev. David (he/him): Hey? Who flies these days? And I
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I I pat the
Eric Rosenbaum: still got the trusty ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: actually no, it's
isn't it
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Eric Rosenbaum: it's the new ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the first letter was destroyed. The trusty matter was destroyed by the
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a letter
Eric Rosenbaum: or somebody desks.
Mike Sackton: I mean 10. These These pillars like the hope is that there's like an underhang or something, so that
Mike Sackton: they would have to wind and come at us to come.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I cast inspiration on
Eric Rosenbaum: all 3.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: You as you land as you sort of approach the pillar, they've now gotten to be about
Timothy Sackton: and out
Timothy Sackton: 300 5,300 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: And you find so so this giant pillar of rock there is a
Timothy Sackton: there's an overhang that stretches out maybe
Timothy Sackton: 10 feet or so. That is like sort of undercut almost like it's been sculpted by wind or water.
Timothy Sackton: and you can sort of
Timothy Sackton: a crouch with your backs against the wall under this overhang, which makes it but would make it very difficult for something to tack you from above.
Timothy Sackton: and as you hear them about 300 feet away, you hear
Timothy Sackton: well callous Kenzo, and
Timothy Sackton: well be here this like horrible screeching, cackling
Timothy Sackton: song.
Timothy Sackton: seeker, you hear this
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: amazing melody calling for you to come to them
Timothy Sackton: and give them Daso, please.
Timothy Sackton: They will.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: they will come, and they will.
Timothy Sackton: They will answer your question. They will satisfy your every curiosity about the wonders of the Fay Wild.
Timothy Sackton: If you just come and hand over Dasa cleans to them.
Timothy Sackton: and you need to make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: What is that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The typh in here?
Mike Sackton: That's probably Typhinia
Eric Rosenbaum: and seeker
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: charms
Timothy Sackton: and begins.
Mike Sackton: But you get advantage on charm because of typhenia
Eric Rosenbaum: because of the ring. Oh, yeah, you do get an advantage on saving curs to be charmed.
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Timothy Sackton: So we're all again that
Eric Rosenbaum: wisdom.
Timothy Sackton: and you feel yourself inexorably drawn to run towards these creatures.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But wait, wait, can't I? can't I? cleanse him?
Timothy Sackton: Well, at the moment you don't know he's charmed. You. Just see
Timothy Sackton: seeker turning as the 3 of you as the 4 of you approached the
Mike Sackton: over. I do I know anything about
Mike Sackton: fade charms and things.
Mike Sackton: What I recognize that
Mike Sackton: him stopping is a bad sign.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have a big memory of that happening before.
Timothy Sackton: I think you had all recognized that
Timothy Sackton: him stopping and turning to run toward these people. Okay, here's a question.
Mike Sackton: Can I charm him to charm him back to our side?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, you don't have to do any of that tensor just to touch him, and then he'll be on
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: The secret has turned and and is
Timothy Sackton: open arms. Looking up to this guy, I would let you counter a charm with a charm.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna try it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: bye.
Timothy Sackton: The creatures now are starting to swarm down towards seeker Another
Timothy Sackton: 80 feet seekers one, maybe.
Mike Sackton: Oh, definitely, Hold on just
Mike Sackton: positioning wise like, how
Mike Sackton: close are we to the underhang?
Mike Sackton: Your app, the underlying okay, and how far out is secret
Timothy Sackton: Seeker is now just turning to run.
Mike Sackton: My echo is still like 30 feet out, not in the under right, standing there defiantly like, come and get right.
Mike Sackton: and if seekers turning run.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast charm on him. Sorry. Go ahead. Were you going to do something to Kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah, When if
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and on the order initiative, everything else to him. Yeah, i'd like to run in cleansing touch
Timothy Sackton: Seeker. well, let's see if F
Timothy Sackton: call this thing works first, and then
Timothy Sackton: Kenza can go next.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm probably more of Kansas. I'm just kidding.
Timothy Sackton: Well, no, you're You're just drawn to the song, You're not
Timothy Sackton: tape. You're not like turning on your allies or anything.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just want to get to these creatures.
Timothy Sackton: so make another wisdom, save also with advantage to resist Allison's charm
Eric Rosenbaum: this time. You gotta fail
Mike Sackton: so far, so good.
Mike Sackton: Yes, You see, 14
Rev. David (he/him): strong roles.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is not just kind of
Timothy Sackton: hot.
Timothy Sackton: standing there, I would say, kind of unsure as to what to do at the
Eric Rosenbaum: that must be a very confusing sensation to be charmed, and then
Timothy Sackton: we have a
Timothy Sackton: which are still like plunging down out of the sky, heading for seeker
Timothy Sackton: and You can hear all of them say, give us. So please
Mike Sackton: give us that. So, please. This echo is basically that's the quizzer's got to be to Phineas
Mike Sackton: true name, or something like that, or fame, or
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe it's callous. Who knows
Mike Sackton: the we? We have no dest to please, no argument here.
Mike Sackton: the echo is going to come. Stand like next to
Mike Sackton: seeker. I mean he he's 30 feet away. He's not more than 30 feet away, presumably. Yeah, Seeker is 30 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: up, Kenz, or we do you want to do anything
Rev. David (he/him): I want to get to cover and start shooting?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: is that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so? So is it obvious now that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which i'm gonna call it.
Mike Sackton: Tell us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, that that see?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean, he's standing there confused
Timothy Sackton: like looking. I turned it back around. Yeah, okay, Turn back around, and he's like looking in, each looking towards callous and looking towards
Timothy Sackton: these creatures frying out of the sky like sort of
Timothy Sackton: what
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim it's obvious. He's under some magical effect. He he is still into the magical effect. He he is a charged by 2 people at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, which I've stopped him from running. But isn't should I met a game? Should I UN charm him, or should I? Just? I just tell that? Okay. Well, I don't know, but just do it. We're supposed to role, play with our characters and do not met a game.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Tim, what's the how high up are the the the crazy things.
Timothy Sackton: They're about a 120 feet away from you now, closing in on an angle
Timothy Sackton: down.
Timothy Sackton: Down towards the the overhang we're really down towards Seeker and the echo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if if he's charmed twice, and I do cleansing touch, does that is that? Do you undo both charms.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a good question. I will say in this case it does. Yes, I will do that. I will, I will. I will rush move over to seeker and just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you closing touch on him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzo, thanks. The weirdest thing. Just that. Yeah, we have to kill. I think we're about to get killed right now. So let's
Eric Rosenbaum: let's go back over to the yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): well, he's over there like month. Mom. Come on
Timothy Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: diving down. Now they are about
Rev. David (he/him): 60 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: You can see that there's 5 of them. Now. These look like harpies.
Timothy Sackton: Not not in your experience
Timothy Sackton: in your adventuring experience creatures that are particularly
Timothy Sackton: challenging. But
Timothy Sackton: So far it seems like only one of them has used its song, and there's 4 more
Eric Rosenbaum: like now
Rev. David (he/him): i'm not going to shoot almost stuff stuff in my ears instead.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo Callous seeker
Mike Sackton: are they? You said. They're 60 feet away.
Timothy Sackton: They're 60 feet away. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: they're all they're still, but they're coming towards us
Timothy Sackton: coming towards you.
Mike Sackton: Okay, i'm just the the echo is standing there
Mike Sackton: basically
Mike Sackton: trying to get like
Mike Sackton: taunting them like
Mike Sackton: that. They're not that
Mike Sackton: All right.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Met a game for a minute like.
Mike Sackton: Should I be? No, no, No, no, no, this was for something we said. I don't want to stress about resource usage. But are we likely to get a long rest sometime during the rest of this evening
Timothy Sackton: I would not count on a long rest any time in Amberglow. Our short rest should be pretty easy.
Timothy Sackton: I mean my spells are in this house is probably a decent, least a place to rest. But
Mike Sackton: casting a spell then
Mike Sackton: No; but amber is not a safe place. It's it's unlikely you would get it. Okay? Yep. Yep.
Mike Sackton: I the echo will just basically I'm: i'm readying an action to attack
Mike Sackton: as soon as these guys come close enough that it's within range of the echo.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and kenzo and seeker
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas structure right?
Mike Sackton: Actually sorry. Are they? Only Third, 60 feet away from the 30 feet from the echo.
Mike Sackton: 30 feet from the echo. That's good. The echo will run at. Are they close enough that we could? That I could reach them. No, they're in the air. They're coming at a name. Okay, fine. They're going to pass overhead of the echo before they reach the on your head, or they might attack the echo. Yeah, go ahead, Kenza.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kansas starts running up the wall.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how many?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually, it's tough. That's when I run out this wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My, my walking speed is 50.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm just going to run up the wall.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just run up the wall as far as I can.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Speaker
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret looks a little puzzled. Straight up at Kenzo and then down at the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: Mexico pile of gravel and catapults it
Eric Rosenbaum: at the harpies.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: It's a dexterity saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. I PC: 17.
Timothy Sackton: fell
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
Eric Rosenbaum: One of them.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that hits one of them. It hits the first thing in range the first, the first one is
Timothy Sackton: just get smacked by this pile of earth, and like spirals out of control.
Timothy Sackton: Pretty badly bloodied with that hit
Timothy Sackton: not
Timothy Sackton: not quite dead, but
Timothy Sackton: on the edge of death.
Timothy Sackton: The other 4 now dive down there, and they're screeching. Now you hear
Timothy Sackton: this still this name again.
Timothy Sackton: give us. Give us that. So please
Timothy Sackton: and 2 more of them. Well, 2 of them dive towards the echo.
Timothy Sackton: slashing out it with their claws.
Mike Sackton: Why, it didn't even take damage.
Mike Sackton: That is one hit point a/C. 18.
Timothy Sackton: I can just recreate one with a bonus action. So who cares if it does? Okay, First one hit the 19. I get an attack first. I read it in action. Yeah. So roll your attack.
Mike Sackton: I mean it'll disappear after that, because
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: is a 17. There
Timothy Sackton: we have, with 17 hits 8, c. 11. You're not that hard to hit. So for 13 damage. Yep. I got it
Timothy Sackton: Okay, and then it wipes at the echo manages to hit it with its claws of the echo
Timothy Sackton: flashes out of
Timothy Sackton: existence, and the second Harvey that was about the the attack, the echo kind of looks around confused. It begins Dot, darting closer to you.
Timothy Sackton: and then 2 more of them begin singing to seeker.
Timothy Sackton: Come out, come out!
Timothy Sackton: You want to come out. Make 2 more wisdom saving throws
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: with advantage.
Timothy Sackton: and your wisdom saves. Oh, there you go. How that succeeds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so that's one that's one. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker really just wants to give this ring over to these creatures
Timothy Sackton: begins walking out forward again.
Timothy Sackton: and one of them lands before you, and you the one who's singing it. And you just kind of lands there stopped
Timothy Sackton: and you see before you this
Timothy Sackton: fay woman in a shimmering
Timothy Sackton: grass. long flowing hair that that's like sort of
Timothy Sackton: dancing with light.
Timothy Sackton: which is backing you forward, and she's saying.
Timothy Sackton: come.
Timothy Sackton: call me!
Timothy Sackton: We will take our revenge together.
Vandasa, please.
Eric Rosenbaum: yes, revenge on whoever that may be.
Rev. David (he/him): so please! Yes, Who is that? Who can I shoot her?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you can see her.
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I was gonna ask if I can act to.
Timothy Sackton: Yup, there's still the wounded one is going to. Oh, it was going to attack the echo, so it's so. There's now 3 that have
Timothy Sackton: come under the underhang.
Timothy Sackton: and then there's 2 that are back out.
Timothy Sackton: okay, there's 2 that are under the underhang. And when you're shooting at the one that's singing
Rev. David (he/him): so yes, to to the one that's that's right in front of him. I'll say in Sylvan, hey, lady, and then the instant that her eyes shoot over to me. I'll shoot her.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, she looks over at you, and you see this like hideous massage like scouts.
Timothy Sackton: I'm scouring at you. And then this arrow strikes her and seeker. You see
Timothy Sackton: one of your friends turning on you.
Timothy Sackton: wounding this like amazing Fay woman who is about to tell you all the secrets of the Fay wild, and also help you deal with whoever this Daso Clees person is, who clearly is somebody who you must take revenge on.
Timothy Sackton: And there's this bloody wound that starts opening in her chest, and she looks up. She like coughs a little bit, and she sort of grasped. She looks like she's on the edge of dad.
Timothy Sackton: and she begins coughing a little bit. Blood trickles out of her mouth, and she looks at you in
Timothy Sackton: sort of
Timothy Sackton: terror and fear.
Mike Sackton: What's the order here. I'm having a hard time keeping track of whose turn is there?
Timothy Sackton: I'm. I'm trying to run things loose here because I don't want to make a battle map.
Timothy Sackton: that's fine. I just go on and White.
Mike Sackton: I don't want to. I don't know if I don't want to skip Kansas next. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: then.
Timothy Sackton: seeker. Then you, too.
to wait.
Timothy Sackton: What?
Mike Sackton: Okay? Did you skip me?
Timothy Sackton: No, didn't you? You read it? An action?
Mike Sackton: Oh, okay.
Timothy Sackton: Wellbe's a tank was fine. Well, these attack is was the end of the last round basically.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So, Tim, I've run like 60 feet or so at the wall. are there any? I kind of run up and look! Look behind me. Are there any harpies near me?
Timothy Sackton: They've all sort of clustered on the ground around? Seeker so there's one wounded. There's there's 2 badly wounded ones, one standing next to seeker sort of gesturing for him
Timothy Sackton: and one hovering sort of in the back.
Timothy Sackton: There's 2 that have darted underneath the underhang.
Timothy Sackton: and then there's a third unwounded one right where the echo used to be.
Timothy Sackton: but there's like 2 that are close to to the underhand 2 that are middle distance, one far away.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, yeah, I will. it looks like there's one like actively singing, singing at secret. Yeah, the one that's actually seen to seeker is like badly wounded was just hit by Wellbe's arrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, if you kill somebody with I mean, i'm gonna attack them. But it's like, okay. Anyways, it doesn't matter. I'll. I'll I will like I I was. I was trying to see if anybody would follow me up there, but it doesn't look like anybody following me up there, so I will just turn around and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: jump from where I am, and
Timothy Sackton: my mighty
Timothy Sackton: make your tax
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in momento.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm imagining like one of those anime scenes where, like the monks fist is leading, and they're perfectly Still, it's just lots of motion lines streaming past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's exactly
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hold on, right. There is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, that that probably is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then does
Timothy Sackton: 11 damage. So the one that's singing to seeker seeker. You see
Timothy Sackton: Tenzo, a period of nowhere just flying from the sky below, and just
Timothy Sackton: with his staff just knock this creature over, and
Timothy Sackton: she staggers back, and like, clutches her chest and looks up, throws her hand up and looks up at you like
Timothy Sackton: help me, and that this is very upsetting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I didn't kill it. Not that yet.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's dad
Mike Sackton: that break the charm.
Eric Rosenbaum: the question.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, yes.
Timothy Sackton: the car is.
Timothy Sackton: You are very disoriented because
Eric Rosenbaum: you think the charm ends. But you see
Timothy Sackton: this like dead body below you of the same Fay woman that you were just looking at before, and the rest of you as this woman dies.
Timothy Sackton: her form shifts
Timothy Sackton: out of the harpy form, and into this
Timothy Sackton: this, like fairy woman with long flowing hair and a shimmering gown.
Timothy Sackton: So we're not quite sure what's happening here.
Eric Rosenbaum: is my turn.
Timothy Sackton: It's your turn. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Am I still compelled to attack my.
Timothy Sackton: You're no longer charmed because the creature that charmed you is dead
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: are the okay. I was thinking about how to
Eric Rosenbaum: do that. So I don't have to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: how many of the harpies are in a 40 foot
Eric Rosenbaum: cube
Eric Rosenbaum: of the new ones
Timothy Sackton: There's there's 2, so you can get
Timothy Sackton: 2. You can get the wounded one that's far away, and you can get the other one that's close in a 40 foot cube.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, wait! Didn't. After I I got it I got a second attack. Oh, sorry you get another attack. Yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: can I? can I a soul-size study for my second attack.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, that's a bonus action. So you can do that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you can do a second. Tech. Yeah. But i'm gonna do that first. To see what the pupp are attacking like is a, you know, because I can tell. With this I can learn if they're affected by magic poison disease, etc. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right.
Timothy Sackton: They are cursed
Eric Rosenbaum: bye bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, fun!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I say that out to everybody that they're cursed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but what do we do about that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shit?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can, I?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, I can't. I Can' Them
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I cannot encourage them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a dispensing person Doesn't: remove curses. Yeah, not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I so I will use stunning. Strike. I will. I will. Stunning. Strike that. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah. Signing strike. Then we'll just knock them out right.
Timothy Sackton: it stuns them. Yup! Go ahead and make your attack. I will do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can. I'd be studying. Strike my! I do a sign. Strike with my staff as well as yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right for me to see you.
Timothy Sackton: 13 hits. Yeah, They're pretty easy to hit.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, Great. And then I will.
Timothy Sackton: As an
Timothy Sackton: she is stunned.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How many are left?
Timothy Sackton: so there's one, dad. There's one badly wounded that seems to be fleeing.
Timothy Sackton: moving away from you. It's like heading to flee the one that got hit by the catapult.
Timothy Sackton: There is the one you just stunned, and then there's 2 that are underneath the overhanging next to campus.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How far away from me!
Timothy Sackton: Those are like 30 feet away from you!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I spend a key and doing on arms? Strike.
Timothy Sackton: You already used your bonus action to soul site. So you can't do another book, all right, and then I guess i'm done.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So callous. And then well be
Timothy Sackton: i'm sorry.
Timothy Sackton: seeker than Calistan will be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seekers are a little confused. Everything's happening too fast, so it's just going to slow them down
outcast.
One
Eric Rosenbaum: covering a forty-foot area that gets
Eric Rosenbaum: the 2 nearby.
Timothy Sackton: You could either you could actually get the 2 in the other hand, and the one next to you, or you could get
Timothy Sackton: the one that's fleeing, and the one next to you
Timothy Sackton: I'll get the 3 together right, and that's a wisdom save so. Oh, man, there's so! What I was doing! Oh, one roll, the natural 20!
Timothy Sackton: the one next to you is not slowed. The 2 the one that's done does not slow. The 2 in the underhang are sluttered
Timothy Sackton: so that you just see them start to
Timothy Sackton: like move. Their wings begin to beat slower. They're just like slowing down in general
Timothy Sackton: so callous than Bobby.
Mike Sackton: My echo will reappear
Mike Sackton: next to the one next to seeker, basically trying to stand between seeker, and
Mike Sackton: and whatever done one.
Mike Sackton: now that one's stunned.
Timothy Sackton: So there's one that's done. There's 2 that slowed, and there's one that's fleeing
Mike Sackton: all right. Well, I won't bother with the stunned one next to the it'll just reappear next to the next to
Timothy Sackton: one, the ones next to you. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: and i'll just attack it
Timothy Sackton: That it's.
Mike Sackton: and then i'll attack it again.
Timothy Sackton: Not ants
Timothy Sackton: It's that 30.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. And actually it 2 points of damage. Yeah, it also takes one d 4 extra damage
Mike Sackton: from my dreadful strike.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inoculate I one
Timothy Sackton: also dies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I yelled out that they're cursed. We're trying to like not kill them right
is that
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Call us isn't that smart.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if he's really put 2 and 2 together Here
Mike Sackton: he looks a little surprised, noticing that they are turning, it turns to a
Timothy Sackton: this one turns to a shorter
Timothy Sackton: woman sort of shrinks a bit like maybe
Timothy Sackton: 4 foot tall, like almost of like more like a fairy sort of like Sparella
Timothy Sackton: as a
Timothy Sackton: you do See this. Everybody says this
Eric Rosenbaum: change
Timothy Sackton: one now is turning to flee.
Timothy Sackton: Go ahead. Well believe there's still one stunned and one slowed
Timothy Sackton: unless you want to chase down the fleet in one
Timothy Sackton: playing one is badly wounded.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah,
Rev. David (he/him): I think i'll do this. So
Rev. David (he/him): Wellbey takes like 2
Timothy Sackton: stuff in your ears. So you have no idea that Kenzo shine of these are cursed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Rev. David (he/him): but I saw them change back. You did see them change. Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's a good enough for
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I also just. I can also shout it in my mind, and we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anyway, it doesn't matter.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead lobby.
Rev. David (he/him): So Welby takes 2 steps out from underneath the over.
Rev. David (he/him): and a pair of enormous wings sprout from his back.
Rev. David (he/him): and with a few flats he lifts up into the sky and takes off after the fleeing one.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Rev. David (he/him): So
Rev. David (he/him): then, when I get close enough to the fleeing one. I think what I want to do is
Rev. David (he/him): like. Try to negotiate, or talk, or parlay, or something like that, so i'll speak to them telepathically in Fay.
Rev. David (he/him): and
Rev. David (he/him): say something like
Rev. David (he/him): like
Rev. David (he/him): talk or die.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, we'll come back to that.
Timothy Sackton: the stunned one and the slowed one
Timothy Sackton: have very little.
Timothy Sackton: There's not much they can do. The slowed one is going to attempt to flee
Timothy Sackton: by
Timothy Sackton: fully moods half-speed. If anybody wants an opportunity to he. You welcome to take it.
Mike Sackton: it's gonna dash so it moves. Its full 40 foot movement
Mike Sackton: that.
Mike Sackton: But it when it i'll, i'll do. I'll do a stunning strike as an opportunity back again.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: that the echo will all. I'll take an opportunity to to
Mike Sackton: Oops.
Mike Sackton: Why did that not roll?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll take the opportunity to reflect on the situation. 13.
Timothy Sackton: yup! That hits
Mike Sackton: Can I pull my punch when i'm swinging at it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you can do.
Mike Sackton: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: You're doing stunning. Strike. So let me roll it, save just on the strike
Timothy Sackton: about 5. So it is stunned.
Timothy Sackton: but yes, you could do not with mainly weapon attacks. You can do not vehicle Deb. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'll do. Non-lethal damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, this one's not wounded at all, though. So it's
Timothy Sackton: And it's now stunned.
Timothy Sackton: the other one will be is going to be unstunned at the end of your next term kenzo. So webe is chasing after
Timothy Sackton: These 2 tried to flee and are now both stunned.
Timothy Sackton: So are you trying to capture them? What is your
Timothy Sackton: go here outside of captured capture them.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Given that they're stunned and they were turning to run. Anyway, I think it's relatively simple for you to
Timothy Sackton: tie them up.
Timothy Sackton: Restrain them in some way knock them out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Pennsylvania's perfectly and just like not just not enough. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: So so wellbe as you're chasing after this, when you see behind you that the other 2
Timothy Sackton: there's 2 that are, dad. The other 2 were attempting to leave, but they've both been
Timothy Sackton: stunned, and now are
Timothy Sackton: of fallen unconscious on the ground, not
Timothy Sackton: turning form, so presumably not dead.
Timothy Sackton: But, as you speak telepathically into the mind of the one you're fleeing
Timothy Sackton: it. it turns.
Timothy Sackton: and it looks at you.
Timothy Sackton: It says some. It begins to
Timothy Sackton: do something, but you can't hear anything because you still
Rev. David (he/him): stuff in your ears. I tap my I tap my brain and say again.
Rev. David (he/him): Listen, land and talk.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll spare your life. So what do we spare those 2?
Timothy Sackton: It hisses and it says.
Timothy Sackton: in waging for Demo.
Timothy Sackton: That's a clear
Timothy Sackton: many, many years.
Rev. David (he/him): So it sounds like you're not in a hurry.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's right.
Timothy Sackton: It begins to land
Rev. David (he/him): all right. Well be a land, too.
Rev. David (he/him): I feel this one is pretty wounded, right?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, this one's badly all right. How far away are we from everyone else like 100 feet.
all right.
Rev. David (he/him): so i'll raise my hand.
Rev. David (he/him): Who are you talking about? Who is Jacob? Why are you waiting? How come those 2 change back into elf fairy people.
Rev. David (he/him): What's going on here?
Timothy Sackton: So many questions
Timothy Sackton: He
Timothy Sackton: kisses again at you
Timothy Sackton: like, tries to like sort of snaps at you, and then
Timothy Sackton: steps back.
Rev. David (he/him): Well, it doesn't flinch even the smallest amount.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice a deal.
Timothy Sackton: 3 questions for my life.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I said, I tell you that it will be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can you teach me how to do that thing with the wings.
Rev. David (he/him): no! But I've got a spare ravens. Whistle if you want one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice, that' be great.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll say back
Rev. David (he/him): no more charms
Rev. David (he/him): and anyone i'm with
Rev. David (he/him): no more songs.
Timothy Sackton: and you will spare my life.
Rev. David (he/him): 3 questions.
Rev. David (he/him): No song.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll spare your life
today.
Timothy Sackton: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Then I will not use my songs or charms today.
Rev. David (he/him): Very good.
Rev. David (he/him): I put out a hand to shake
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a it's a day in the same of
Timothy Sackton: yeah, she kind of
Timothy Sackton: like bows slightly to you and says we have a deal
Timothy Sackton: little one.
Timothy Sackton: What would you ask?
Rev. David (he/him): so i'll i'll sort of open up the telepathic channels here because I don't feel like that's just a webey thing at this moment, like, All right. What what should we ask her? We get 3 questions.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe like
Eric Rosenbaum: we want to know who basically it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: but also why they're interested in
Eric Rosenbaum: them.
Rev. David (he/him): maybe like what their task is, or who they serve
Eric Rosenbaum: the her.
Eric Rosenbaum: and everything that they know about that.
See?
Eric Rosenbaum: Start with a Jessic with question
Eric Rosenbaum: and definitely.
Rev. David (he/him): what about where a cut is home is in the Fay Wild
Mike Sackton: met a game. I was thinking that, too. I don't. I don't know if they would necessarily know.
Mike Sackton: Ask
Mike Sackton: who
Mike Sackton: who is, yeah.
Mike Sackton: who is? Tesla has a lot of
Mike Sackton: check. The answers like
Mike Sackton: dasicles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. But also
Rev. David (he/him): there's also a backstop of like I promised. I wouldn't kill them. But not that. Oh, yeah, but but Kalis is fully planning on double dipping. If I mean I I feel like if there's if there's a show of bad faith. We can do this in badly Fair enough. Fair enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a delicate situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Go for it.
Rev. David (he/him): sorry. So what are we asking first
Mike Sackton: Who is the
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah?
Eric Rosenbaum: Keep it in?
Rev. David (he/him): Who is desecrates?
Timothy Sackton: An ancient fay
Timothy Sackton: once of these parts.
Timothy Sackton: claimed to be a guardian of this realm.
Timothy Sackton: who round us.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we still don't know if Typhoon is specifically or not.
Mike Sackton: i'm pretty sure typhoon is basically here. You should ask.
Rev. David (he/him): Wait Second.
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm gonna ask you, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, can I do that while this is happening, do we have the appropriate yeah. Call of it telepathy
Eric Rosenbaum: conference calling? Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, as it
Eric Rosenbaum: as this. Hugh, their actor. Are you?
Eric Rosenbaum: No, here as
Timothy Sackton: I'm. Just typing a response
Timothy Sackton: because you don't have any. I mean, I guess you can check to people.
Eric Rosenbaum: She admits that she was once called that
Eric Rosenbaum: long ago before she was protector here of the forest.
Timothy Sackton: Ask your second question, little one.
You
Rev. David (he/him): I' a little derogatory in this context.
Rev. David (he/him): maybe, who some asking the 3 of you now like, maybe, who
Mike Sackton: That's
Rev. David (he/him): who set this task on you? Who
Rev. David (he/him): who pursued this tax.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it's going to be a gata, probably.
Mike Sackton: who set the defined test at least
Rev. David (he/him): maybe a third one, too, if, like, what will free you from the curse to
Rev. David (he/him): okay for a second question. Second question, then, is,
Rev. David (he/him): Who set you to this task?
Timothy Sackton: No one set us to this task. We seek revenge.
Timothy Sackton: seek revenge for the wrongs done to our people.
Mike Sackton: Ask what classically, what wrongs the basketballs do?
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm.
Rev. David (he/him): I think Webey is going to ask instead, what will for you from this cursed harpy form
Timothy Sackton: I will free us.
Timothy Sackton: Once, long ago
Timothy Sackton: the waters.
Timothy Sackton: the river of time, could have turned back the curse.
Timothy Sackton: Now
Timothy Sackton: I know not. Perhaps the Cloud Spinner.
Timothy Sackton: Should she return?
Eric Rosenbaum: Where'd she go?
Timothy Sackton: It would take her magic to heal this land.
Rev. David (he/him): Who is the Cloud Spinner.
Timothy Sackton: 3 questions.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah. And I was just looking for a freebie, you know. Sometimes people have conversations with each other.
Mike Sackton: Bod Spinner was the queen of this realm
many years ago.
Rev. David (he/him): Wasn't Tim Fan of the Queen. Of this.
Mike Sackton: then, I was a guardian.
Mike Sackton: one of the Cloud Spinners
Mike Sackton: advisors and
Mike Sackton: courtiers, but not the Queen
Rev. David (he/him): y'all I smell a side quest
Mike Sackton: for you. The Cloud Spinner. That's
Mike Sackton: It's all task.
Mike Sackton: but
Eric Rosenbaum: I sometimes think
Mike Sackton: I did.
Mike Sackton: Maybe i'd remember
Rev. David (he/him): well Trask in a herpan. Where?
Rev. David (he/him): Where is the Cloud Spinner?
Rev. David (he/him): We've got some time. We'll go for you.
Timothy Sackton: Steve. The Harvey begins to.
Timothy Sackton: Why often
Timothy Sackton: got your 3 questions.
Rev. David (he/him): I will take my leaves.
Rev. David (he/him): We'll see you around.
Rev. David (he/him): We'll walk back to the others.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, the
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know how to say this exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're sure that's you.
Eric Rosenbaum: How can we know?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, me, I know
Eric Rosenbaum: doesn't fly
Eric Rosenbaum: not like that in the
Rev. David (he/him): right.
Rev. David (he/him): So with a
Rev. David (he/him): with a
Rev. David (he/him): a sort of a
Rev. David (he/him): flourish of the hand.
Rev. David (he/him): My sailors clothes are replaced by the Kengu leather armor
Rev. David (he/him): that we found in the dragon sport.
Rev. David (he/him): So it turns out
Rev. David (he/him): that this was actually broken. I ran into some kencoop.
Rev. David (he/him): you know, at the edge of the end of the ocean who figured out how to fix it?
Rev. David (he/him): Is this not?
Rev. David (he/him): This is it's great right.
Rev. David (he/him): and i'll reach down around my neck and take off the raven's. Whistle and hand it over to Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: and so the the wings to clarify are like dragon wings.
Rev. David (he/him): Hmm, no. Like
Rev. David (he/him): giant tengu bird wings
Eric Rosenbaum: the burglaries.
Timothy Sackton: But you can make it.
Rev. David (he/him): I see
Eric Rosenbaum: the way they look right now is like giant seagull wings.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: this full set of armor.
Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: good. I was
Eric Rosenbaum: concerned there for a second that the
Eric Rosenbaum: many things in the thing around here or not.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's not
Eric Rosenbaum: I. I'm pretty sure I me. And
so that's good.
Eric Rosenbaum: although for a second there I was pretty confused.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Where is this growth
Mike Sackton: onward? I think.
Mike Sackton: past the river
that
Eric Rosenbaum: you know you're right. You add some enemies here
well.
Eric Rosenbaum: and they're able to send them on.
So
Timothy Sackton: really, when we do the harpies. Yeah, they are the ones we like knocked out. Yeah, what do you do? Just leave them tied up with them. I think we should
Mike Sackton: wake them up and make them promise not to chase us in exchange for their lives.
Rev. David (he/him): You can't.
Mike Sackton: We could double, dip on the questions, but that just feels a little.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Mike Sackton: I feel like we can.
Mike Sackton: That just feels cheesy for some reason from a matter perspective. But
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, I mean, they know anything about Agata, though.
Eric Rosenbaum: do they?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So ask them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's like a good opportunity to like. Learn more about that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, Also, i'll say the typhoon.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do you think there's anything useful we can learn from these
Eric Rosenbaum: creatures
Eric Rosenbaum: about the data
Timothy Sackton: about Agata?
Timothy Sackton: I doubt it.
Timothy Sackton: These people have been cursed for
Timothy Sackton: many, many, many generation
Eric Rosenbaum: are they correct that the Cloud Spinner is the only one that can
Timothy Sackton: do, not know entirely.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: the story that I heard.
What is that
Timothy Sackton: they who
Timothy Sackton: they wronged the land long ago.
Timothy Sackton: and were cursed in this form until they righted the wrongs that they had done.
Timothy Sackton: But with the clouds can are gone. Perhaps there is no way that such
Timothy Sackton: yeah promises could be capped.
Eric Rosenbaum: as you know
what
Mike Sackton: they did to these folk.
Mike Sackton: Why would they be asked after revenge.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, what did you do?
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: kept them
Timothy Sackton: away from the forest
Timothy Sackton: as gently as I could.
Oh, really
Eric Rosenbaum: sounds like maybe the results were.
Mike Sackton: Were you the one who cursed them
Timothy Sackton: There I am. I am not so old as this. Curse
Eric Rosenbaum: what
Timothy Sackton: they were cursed long.
Timothy Sackton: long ago.
Timothy Sackton: I have not been in this land for nearly wet long.
Timothy Sackton: I was young when I
Timothy Sackton: took on the guardianship and
Timothy Sackton: based Agata.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that which they see prevent more than that
Eric Rosenbaum: since. Because
yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't
Timothy Sackton: come to the grove sometimes trying to
Timothy Sackton: make their way into love
Timothy Sackton: the heart of the forest, perhaps
Timothy Sackton: hoping there was some way that
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if they
Timothy Sackton: stole something important that could.
Timothy Sackton: It could be used to bargain with
Timothy Sackton: somebody would free them.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: we drove them off.
Eric Rosenbaum: How exactly did you?
Timothy Sackton: She just is silent
Timothy Sackton: as gently as I could.
No.
Eric Rosenbaum: perhaps more will be revealed in time.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I that we should keep you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is is it safe to leave these 2 bound up here?
Timothy Sackton: They will
Timothy Sackton: like off they not break their word if given
Timothy Sackton: a promise to
Timothy Sackton: leave and not bother us in exchange for their lives would be
perhaps wise.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, let's
Mike Sackton: I mean, do you want to? Just
Mike Sackton: yeah, you can do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's continue terms of your grade.
Eric Rosenbaum: We have to cross this dry stream of time.
Timothy Sackton: Yes,
Timothy Sackton: it is still some ways East. It should be visible soon from
Timothy Sackton: the last.
Timothy Sackton: There are.
Timothy Sackton: as you approach to the river, there are a line of
Timothy Sackton: beautiful stone
Timothy Sackton: pillars that catch the last rays of the sun
Timothy Sackton: turn gold and
Timothy Sackton: orange and red
Timothy Sackton: lighting up
the
Timothy Sackton: the river bank.
Timothy Sackton: you should be able to see the grow from the top of one of those pillars
Eric Rosenbaum: from the I don't know where you are now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I think we're at the base of one of the pillars
Eric Rosenbaum: now that you mentioned it.
Timothy Sackton: I mean. You see, there's more of the extraction in the horizon. You probably have.
Timothy Sackton: you know, a half day's walk to get to the river.
Timothy Sackton: but these pillars go off as far as you can see. They're just sort of dotting the landscape.
Timothy Sackton: So you get the sense. I mean, it sounds like she's referring to
Timothy Sackton: like. Once you get to the edge of the river bank you can see
Timothy Sackton: right. You can see the grove.
Eric Rosenbaum: so should we head on to work over there. Yeah, yeah, let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: So you travel
Timothy Sackton: the land and quiet now. But still.
Timothy Sackton: and it's still sunset. We've been traveling now for
Timothy Sackton: half a day, and it's
Timothy Sackton: for those of you who have just gotten to the fay while that takes them. Getting used to that
Timothy Sackton: light never changes.
Timothy Sackton: It's been sunset since you arrived, and it's especially for well-be. This is like your first 8 h in a pretty while then
Timothy Sackton: the light has not changed.
Timothy Sackton: If anything, it seems to almost get
Timothy Sackton: rubber and dollar as you get
Timothy Sackton: as you progress across the plains like.
Timothy Sackton: the grass, the just, the general
Timothy Sackton: atmosphere of the land
Timothy Sackton: feels.
Timothy Sackton: it feels almost drained like.
Timothy Sackton: but, like you can see almost an echo of the
Timothy Sackton: you know the fields of flowers, the like vibrant tall grasses, the golden.
Timothy Sackton: you know, amber waves of grain that needs to be
Timothy Sackton: across these these planes. And now everything is sort of
Timothy Sackton: dried out and kind of like a uniform sort of flat.
Timothy Sackton: almost sickly, yellowish green color. The stone is all pale, the light is weak, even though it's some sudden. It seems to be getting.
Timothy Sackton: if anything, a little bit weaker, as you perceive.
Timothy Sackton: and after another.
Timothy Sackton: hard to say how many hours long enough that you get hungry and eat
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: continue and get hungry again.
Timothy Sackton: You see
Timothy Sackton: this dry river bank
Timothy Sackton: just like a
Timothy Sackton: empty
Timothy Sackton: shall
Timothy Sackton: And you you can see it like across the river. It was clearly once more wooded.
Timothy Sackton: But now most of the trees have fallen and rotted, and like even stretching down into the dry river banquet reminds you a little bit of the dry river outside of Carson. Actually, it's like that sort of
Timothy Sackton: it's almost as if the moisture was just sucked away.
you
Mike Sackton: Is there a pillar nearby that week? Yes.
Mike Sackton: Castle kind of look at Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna walk to the top of that thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems like a good idea.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Sure.
Mike Sackton: if you can see the grove.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm going to give this thing a try. Does the ravens will still have charges, or if you, Jesus, whatever you want.
Rev. David (he/him): 3 charges. Yeah. 3 turret charges
Mike Sackton: per day. Oh, yeah, yeah, i'll use it now. I'm fucking. I'll I'll i'll run up it with i'll. I'll run up the the wall.
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: it doesn't look like it's that steep to you. Just run up. It come on. That was cool. I want to see you do it again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tens of like glances get callous classes that i'll be glance at. Call us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just starts running up the wall.
Mike Sackton: he also is kind of standing back. He sort it's like leaning on his sword a little bit kind of looking up admiringly like. It's almost like he's taking notes like scouting you for like a a
Mike Sackton: legion, or something like
Mike Sackton: muttering to himself. You a really good scout like good flanker we could use him.
Timothy Sackton: it's easy to run to the top, Kenza, and at the top you can see there's
Timothy Sackton: there's 3 things that you see. One is.
Timothy Sackton: You can see
Timothy Sackton: in the east
Timothy Sackton: like on the other side of this river bank.
Timothy Sackton: although most of the land is this kind of like fallen trees. And
Timothy Sackton: what looked like these like clouds of
Timothy Sackton: not clouds, I should say, like there's a lot of like
Timothy Sackton: filamentous fungi sort of growing up. You see these like big mushrooms growing on top of the
Timothy Sackton: fallen trees.
Eric Rosenbaum: annual
Timothy Sackton: like little bits of like slime mold sort of dripping off the edges of trees.
Timothy Sackton: of fallen trunks that have now mostly rotted away into dirt.
Timothy Sackton: you see, you can see in the distance. Maybe again, it's hard to judge. It's hard to judge distance here, because
Timothy Sackton: something that looks far away
Timothy Sackton: might only take you 20 min to get to, and something that looks close. It might take you a whole day of walking to reach.
Timothy Sackton: but it doesn't look too far away. You can see that there is actually a grove of standing trees.
Timothy Sackton: maybe 20 or 30 or so trees like in a little clump
Timothy Sackton: relatively tall. But you can. You can see the sort of spreading ranches from up here of this huge tree that's in the center from this grove. Not none of them are very tall. These are like thick, like oaks, like
Timothy Sackton: like. the sort of like classic, like ancient English countryside oak, with spindling branches that stretch out in all directions.
Timothy Sackton: But there's nothing like it's nothing at all like the god trees of the Jenkai or something, and these aren't like huge trees that stretch up to the sky.
Timothy Sackton: And then you can see
Timothy Sackton: out of your way from the grove. But
Timothy Sackton: Bum
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: should be Western.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do I see a side fast?
Mike Sackton: You see what looks like
Timothy Sackton: a place where, among the like fallen trees. There's a few, a few sort of dead trees standing, and there is a pool of water, and this is probably the
Timothy Sackton: brotto of that nymph.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: melody, Melissa, if you
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can see the grove, so whether you decide to go to the Nym for noggles entirely up to you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean
Mike Sackton: that's clearly spawned aside, was one. I thought the minth was on the main quest.
Timothy Sackton: But typhoon tafina like recommended like
Timothy Sackton: the nymph, can tell you where the grove is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but we just found the growth
Timothy Sackton: exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you guys. But the nymph might have be able to tell us more about what? The yeah, let's go to the nymph, anyway. Yeah. So he kenzo yells down what he sees, explains what he's got, and then runs down the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gracefully it runs down the the side of actually just jumps off the the engine just, and she gently floats down to the bottom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Shall we head to the the reflecting pool
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: first before the Grove
Mike Sackton: seeker. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that. Would that sound good to type in as well?
Eric Rosenbaum: we'll leave her. Be for the moment
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: head to the growth or the the
Eric Rosenbaum: that will for yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: the the river bank is dry, and you actually managed to avoid even like walking through too much of the
Timothy Sackton: the sort of forest of mushrooms and slime molds and things like that. You sort of start to the edge of that to approach the
Timothy Sackton: this grotto, and it's
Timothy Sackton: basically there's like as you
Timothy Sackton: as you
Timothy Sackton: the river bed, which, when you cross the river bed, You you sort of have this vague
Timothy Sackton: sensation like
Timothy Sackton: almost like you feel.
Timothy Sackton: How would I describe this?
Timothy Sackton: There's no water flowing in the river like there's not. It's just dry earth.
Timothy Sackton: but you can still sort of feel the like potential of this river like, somehow, if you could.
Timothy Sackton: if you could find a way to
Timothy Sackton: sell down at, or sail up at
Timothy Sackton: like, if there were water flowing, then somehow going downstream would take you
Timothy Sackton: to the past.
Timothy Sackton: Going upstream would take you to the future.
Timothy Sackton: But it's dry now, so there's no way to travel.
Eric Rosenbaum: It flows towards the past, and it's interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's no water there.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's completely dry. There's no water. But you still sort of feel that vibration, and we are like, so this picture is our. This immersive background is an accurate there's no water. Yeah, yeah, this is You're on your way to this immersive.
Timothy Sackton: You're crossing the river. But
Timothy Sackton: But then, on the other side of the river there's a stand of dead trees.
Timothy Sackton: where there is a little pool of water gathered, and in that stand of jed trees.
Timothy Sackton: You can see this sort of grotto. Everything feels like it's
Timothy Sackton: you know. Everything is sort of this greenish brown. It's everything feels a little bit rotted and moldy.
Timothy Sackton: but you, you know you hear the dripping sound of water, and you hear
Timothy Sackton: you know the occasional sort of sound of like a creek or a You know the branch is moving, or something no real sound of animals or
Eric Rosenbaum: to to me, as as we cross. The driver we read: first.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker is very curious about the you know
Eric Rosenbaum: hydrogeology of the situation, and so forth.
Eric Rosenbaum: And does
Eric Rosenbaum: since ore doesn't really tell me about water flow. What will tell me about any other precious metals or stones?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: So i'll pause as we cross briefly today in the fey wild.
Timothy Sackton: That's an interesting question.
Eric Rosenbaum: I tried to once, oh, actually, and it was disastrous
truth.
Eric Rosenbaum: but secret is too curious. I forgot about that in the Crystal mine.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, that was a different circumstance.
Timothy Sackton: So here
Timothy Sackton: it's very strange.
Timothy Sackton: You don't get the sense that there is
Timothy Sackton: stone
Timothy Sackton: at all, or or rather you get the sense.
Timothy Sackton: What you get is a very confused sense, because you feel you. You know you're standing on sediment.
Timothy Sackton: and yet at the same time your senses are telling you
Timothy Sackton: this is rock that you're standing on.
Timothy Sackton: And then at the same time, your senses are also telling you like
Timothy Sackton: this is
Timothy Sackton: this is sand. This is like fetamine flown downstream, and then your senses are also telling you. No, this is like
Timothy Sackton: crystal. This is like courts from a mountains.
Timothy Sackton: This is like precious metal.
Eric Rosenbaum: all jumbled.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of you get the sense. Yeah, that you're like you're
Timothy Sackton: since, or is being confused by the sort of distorted nature of time. And your
Timothy Sackton: picking up the entire
Timothy Sackton: geological journey from
Timothy Sackton: metamorphic rock to sediment to sedimentary rock.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it also suggests that in addition to the other
Eric Rosenbaum: fundamental forces that we know about that govern
Eric Rosenbaum: the interactions of planes, the
Eric Rosenbaum: and if I can enumerate them. But anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think we've encountered like
Eric Rosenbaum: slowing time.
Eric Rosenbaum: this form.
Eric Rosenbaum: So that's very interesting.
Timothy Sackton: So thinking about it as Seeker thinks about it like you do realize that
Timothy Sackton: you have experienced sort of weird time gaps in the Phala like when you first arrived in the Chancellor's Court.
Timothy Sackton: Like as far as you know, you spent like.
Timothy Sackton: you know, maybe an hour or 2 there.
Timothy Sackton: But later you realized it was days
Eric Rosenbaum: right.
Timothy Sackton: And then, you know you, You traveled and you traveled a distance that seemed like it should have taken a week to cover.
Timothy Sackton: and, as far as you know, it was like a few hours.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: so you you know you. You've definitely sort of experienced this
Timothy Sackton: unsteady flow of time in this very wild before.
Eric Rosenbaum: And of course there is the case of
Timothy Sackton: exactly
Eric Rosenbaum: like
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: Make just a few notes, you know. Don't spend too much time
Eric Rosenbaum: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: The
Timothy Sackton: So you now arrive at this grotto.
Rev. David (he/him): and what's the moon phase necklace done
Rev. David (he/him): to this necklace that
Rev. David (he/him): should show the phase of the moon.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm curious if it's.
Rev. David (he/him): but I mean, if
Timothy Sackton: still the same phase.
Timothy Sackton: like like the moon.
Timothy Sackton: if you if you were sort of watching it over the course of like
Timothy Sackton: a week in or 3 or 4 days in
Timothy Sackton: tag out right it would. It takes
Timothy Sackton: time for the to share it right.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't definitely doesn't seem to be set up.
Rev. David (he/him): It might be slowed down.
Timothy Sackton: but it's hard to tell
Timothy Sackton: like it's not like, you know. Oh, 3 days has passed since you got here right.
Timothy Sackton: Some will not. Any time has passed, but it's hard to say exactly how much.
Timothy Sackton: but not in not a week or not, you know.
Rev. David (he/him): Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: then, what's the Flora on a situation here in the grotto.
Timothy Sackton: Sorry, very little, like all the trees are dead.
Timothy Sackton: there is some like moss
Timothy Sackton: growing on the stone that makes up the this lake sort of
Timothy Sackton: house hut sort of thing
Timothy Sackton: there are there are. There is also like some MOS and some
Timothy Sackton: lily pads like
Timothy Sackton: stuff growing in the water a little bit, but it all seems kind of
Timothy Sackton: faded and brown a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: there doesn't seem to be any animal life that you can hear or see
Timothy Sackton: Occasionally you'll glimpse like, maybe a
Timothy Sackton: fish or something in the
just
Timothy Sackton: slightly moving the waters below, but it's quite murky, so it's difficult to see much, and sorry I met again. We're here again, because in the Grotto, because
Eric Rosenbaum: there's a name.
Eric Rosenbaum: the type thing in the chair.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is that nymph? The type intervention.
Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: But the nymph that typed in the site could tell you
how to find the grow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, but I had. But we know how to get to the growth or not
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right over there and talk to him.
Mike Sackton: We thank the name for my
Mike Sackton: know something
all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Any sign of an in.
Timothy Sackton: Not that you can see from outside from this distance, but you're sort of standing on the edge of the pool looking across the pool to this stone structure.
Timothy Sackton: you know, with columns and sort of
Timothy Sackton: moss growing on it. That seems to be, you know there's like more water in there. It's like
Timothy Sackton: you know it's. It goes in a little ways into
Timothy Sackton: like like you're looking at like an entry way to a home.
Timothy Sackton: There's no doors or anything but
Eric Rosenbaum: well, I just want to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some residents
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you want to type in you.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: sure
Eric Rosenbaum: Typhoon, how do we get the nymph's attention.
Timothy Sackton: Melissa? A.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: are you? Are you there?
Eric Rosenbaum: So we've come to the edge of her
Eric Rosenbaum: all. Poor
Timothy Sackton: he
Timothy Sackton: be! Be polite
Timothy Sackton: for her.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it, I?
Timothy Sackton: How are you?
Timothy Sackton: How are your friends of Dasso Queens?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, i'm i'm a little hesitant, having
been susceptible surprisingly to
confusing charms. Maybe somebody else might call out this time.
Mike Sackton: Alice, Well.
Timothy Sackton: You hear of a
Timothy Sackton: a noise that sounds like
Timothy Sackton: like dripping water.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: it's like opening a fast, and it gets louder and louder.
Timothy Sackton: And you see, kind of
Timothy Sackton: stepping out of the
Timothy Sackton: into the sort of central entrance area of
Timothy Sackton: the glow of this sort of guotto area.
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: maybe
Timothy Sackton: 6 bit tall.
Timothy Sackton: woman dressed in
Mike Sackton: sort of this like
Timothy Sackton: deep blue gowns like voluminous cloth tons like
Timothy Sackton: robe sort of draped over
Timothy Sackton: for entire body
Timothy Sackton: in all sorts of colors of blues. but all sort of faded like it's been through the wash hundreds of times in the car has been washed out.
Timothy Sackton: Her hair is like she has a hood over her head, and her hair sort of flows back. Seems to be white.
Timothy Sackton: What little of her hair, you can see, is white, and she has pale sort of greenish blue, almost colorless eyes.
Timothy Sackton: and she walks slowly, and everywhere she steps you can see that
Timothy Sackton: She leaves wet footprints, and almost like wherever she steps on the stone.
Timothy Sackton: What are kind of
Timothy Sackton: cools around her feet as she walks
Timothy Sackton: when she comes, and she sits on the steps, and she looks up at you, and she, she says.
Timothy Sackton: who calls?
Mike Sackton: I am, who bothers me?
Mike Sackton: Carlos apportino.
Mike Sackton: We are here
Mike Sackton: seeking your wisdom and advice.
Mike Sackton: I I keep want to say democles, but it's not demographically. What is it that's it.
Mike Sackton: Dasicles.
Mike Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: we are.
Mike Sackton: We are
Mike Sackton: friends of Dazakles, and
Mike Sackton: we were told you
Mike Sackton: may be able to help
Mike Sackton: us find
Mike Sackton: her lost home.
Timothy Sackton: her
Timothy Sackton: her home.
Mike Sackton: her grove.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: she did love
Timothy Sackton: a word of
Timothy Sackton: the Hartley growls
Timothy Sackton: the power of it.
Timothy Sackton: But what is it
Timothy Sackton: to me or to you?
Timothy Sackton: She has not been seen
Timothy Sackton: for a long time.
Timothy Sackton: Why do you come here asking information now?
Mike Sackton: Kows kind of glances at Seeker
Eric Rosenbaum: He got up his hand with the ring on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Mike Sackton: to Phoenix it's a
Mike Sackton: here with us
Mike Sackton: could show that sort of gestures over towards Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: She was. She was trapped in this this ring, you see, and we thought we might
Eric Rosenbaum: bring your home.
Timothy Sackton: Really.
Timothy Sackton: I always suspected that she was not that.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you know of
Eric Rosenbaum: Gato?
Timothy Sackton: I don't know that name.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps she went by another.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is the fa that trapped her
Timothy Sackton: Really.
Eric Rosenbaum: as far as we know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: secret. Does Hypinia know a got to by a different name.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can ask her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We didn't know that
Eric Rosenbaum: I ask her.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: She must have had many names
Timothy Sackton: over her long life.
Timothy Sackton: I just knew the one
Timothy Sackton: secretive with their identities.
Timothy Sackton: I have many
Timothy Sackton: false traps.
Timothy Sackton: hidden names to
Timothy Sackton: mislead the unwary and keep there.
Timothy Sackton: True identity is safe
Eric Rosenbaum: that I was
Timothy Sackton: done by any name of this creature.
Timothy Sackton: I doubt Agata was her true name.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fair enough
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that you only need her as I got to.
Timothy Sackton: I hardly knew her at all.
Eric Rosenbaum: How did you track you? In the first place.
Timothy Sackton: I've told this story before. She did not trap me.
Timothy Sackton: This ring was that you bear now was prepared.
Timothy Sackton: It was
gift
Timothy Sackton: from an ancient, dwarven
Timothy Sackton: wizard
Timothy Sackton: scholar who
Timothy Sackton: came to my grove seeking knowledge about the
Timothy Sackton: the essence of the trees, the essence of wood.
Timothy Sackton: and I wore it and tell
Timothy Sackton: I got her
Timothy Sackton: stole
Timothy Sackton: from the festival from the
Timothy Sackton: heartwood, grows
Timothy Sackton: after clouds, been her past or vanished. Whatever happened to her
Timothy Sackton: protections were weaker, and
Timothy Sackton: Ricksters and Leon Cly Fay
Timothy Sackton: tried to steal, try to drive out those of us who
Timothy Sackton: remained to protect this land.
Timothy Sackton: and I found
Timothy Sackton: I chased her.
Timothy Sackton: I chased her
Timothy Sackton: out of this plane
Timothy Sackton: to another
Timothy Sackton: round the
Timothy Sackton: desert land.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: And my father
Timothy Sackton: and I failed.
Timothy Sackton: Little did she know
Timothy Sackton: that this ring that you now bear would
Timothy Sackton: hold my spirit safe
Timothy Sackton: till it could be returned
Timothy Sackton: to my home
Timothy Sackton: to a place of power in the Fay Wild.
Timothy Sackton: where I could be reborn
Rev. David (he/him): when you say
Rev. David (he/him): you fought her
Rev. David (he/him): and failed.
Rev. David (he/him): Does that mean? She thought, that she killed you.
Rev. David (he/him): and your body was destroyed.
Rev. David (he/him): but none the less you lived.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, that's because it's relevant to our situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: -oh
Timothy Sackton: or so
Rev. David (he/him): we killed. I got it.
Rev. David (he/him): but we didn't kill. I got it.
Rev. David (he/him): We don't think she's actually dead. I don't think she's actually dead.
Eric Rosenbaum: We did destroy the body, though
Rev. David (he/him): very much so
Rev. David (he/him): inclusive ways.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, did you
Timothy Sackton: go to her home afterward to her lair.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: what did you find there?
Rev. David (he/him): So much crap? I mean.
Rev. David (he/him): they have anything, everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: She was a bit of a hoarder.
Rev. David (he/him): I mean
Rev. David (he/him): t kettles, and a person that was a hive of wasps on the inside and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: necklace of tongues.
Rev. David (he/him): magical items, and just it helps jump to
Eric Rosenbaum: rotting food.
Timothy Sackton: It is possible.
Rev. David (he/him): covered in vines that we didn't explore.
Timothy Sackton: I have many checks.
Timothy Sackton: and the strongest
Timothy Sackton: prepare eventualities for our own
Timothy Sackton: things that may happen
right.
Rev. David (he/him): You said that you needed to be returned back to your
Rev. David (he/him): home, to your place of power to be restored again.
Rev. David (he/him): That's what we're here doing.
Timothy Sackton: Indeed.
Rev. David (he/him): I wonder what a place of power was
is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How do we find a God at home in the day? Well.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps this is something I could help with if you
Timothy Sackton: bring me back.
and you
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Eric Rosenbaum: let's take this
Eric Rosenbaum: nymph and get to your grove. Then
Timothy Sackton: did you say there was a mirror.
Timothy Sackton: and it got us home.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, nobody mentioned it. I'm. Here. Why do you ask?
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah. A mirror of still trying
Rev. David (he/him): the prison.
Timothy Sackton: a mirror of
Timothy Sackton: so trapping
Timothy Sackton: that can
Timothy Sackton: trap
Eric Rosenbaum: souls.
Timothy Sackton: You explore it thoroughly.
Timothy Sackton: Are you sure that Agata's soul does not linger in that mirror?
Timothy Sackton: What did you find in the
Eric Rosenbaum: in there
Eric Rosenbaum: we did find several fulls.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh.
Timothy Sackton: you you found some of the source of of who
Eric Rosenbaum: there was an ancient
Mike Sackton: but that's not a side quest.
Eric Rosenbaum: No wasn't there also an ancient like
Eric Rosenbaum: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: goblin
Eric Rosenbaum: no
Eric Rosenbaum: what
Mike Sackton: i'm goblin mage.
Eric Rosenbaum: but she's not I got to.
Eric Rosenbaum: but i' that totally could have been Sarah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think you saw her, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: or maybe the the new sura is not the same as the old sera.
Timothy Sackton: Who is Sarah?
Mike Sackton: Well, I mean, I obviously wasn't saying this any in character.
Rev. David (he/him): right?
Mike Sackton: I think we'll be having this conversation.
Timothy Sackton: but Typhina is asking who is?
Mike Sackton: But I was the one who mentioned Sarah as my point.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I mean, you can mention Sara.
you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if somebody.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If a Gaza were to have
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: merged with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: another, and the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there must be some signature of her still right. She must have some.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There must be some way of knowing that it's still a gata right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Her presence must be detectable somehow.
Timothy Sackton: I wish I knew more about the magic of hacks.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and we learn more here in the F while
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: got to must
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how a layer a teacher
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or acolytes.
Timothy Sackton: So much has been lost in
Timothy Sackton: amberglow.
Timothy Sackton: There is only a few of us who
Timothy Sackton: lingered and defended the realm.
Mike Sackton: You could see the sequence of side quests here right
Mike Sackton: free, Free Cloud Spinner.
Mike Sackton: so that abroad can be restored
Mike Sackton: so that they can all remember what happened, so that they can figure out how I get to I. It does true nature, so that we can figure out who where August is hiding.
Timothy Sackton: no matter what the first step is to grow.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: I think, rather than discussing this hag and her tricks
Timothy Sackton: any longer. Perhaps it is time to proceed
Eric Rosenbaum: until we go to the group.
Timothy Sackton: so you travel.
Timothy Sackton: it's, it's not a long. It's not a long journey to the grove from here. Actually.
Timothy Sackton: the the nymph does direct you in like the safe path, and and she does
Timothy Sackton: She does warn you to avoid some of the larger mushrooms. She says they are hallucinogenic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or ingest
Timothy Sackton: well in just in a controlled manner, if you wish, but
Timothy Sackton: avoid.
Timothy Sackton: because they may trick you into thinking your friends are your enemies.
Timothy Sackton: I. You approach the grove, and you can see
Timothy Sackton: these treaties now, one of the few places here in
Timothy Sackton: the Fay wild up there
Timothy Sackton: in this realm of ambergl, that there is still life that there is.
Timothy Sackton: a color of this sort of deep greens.
Timothy Sackton: and you, as you sort of step into the grove, you can hear the
Timothy Sackton: of a of a deep forest, the silence of a
Timothy Sackton: you know of of of that kind of place where
Timothy Sackton: you know there's moss everywhere where there's
Timothy Sackton: you know, leaves everywhere where just all the echoes are dampened by just the
Timothy Sackton: sort of ancient
Timothy Sackton: or of the forest itself. And you can see this massive
Timothy Sackton: tree, this massive oak that stands in the center of this grove.
Timothy Sackton: the branch of instruction 40 feet
Timothy Sackton: one tree sort of fallen over in front of it.
Timothy Sackton: And in this sort of in this grove is kind of split up. This big tree is like there's a crack in the tree.
Timothy Sackton: possibly where
Timothy Sackton: something once was.
Timothy Sackton: and as you approach, you hear
Timothy Sackton: seeker from Typhina.
Timothy Sackton: I can tell you are here.
Timothy Sackton: Place me.
Timothy Sackton: place me in the tree. Put the ring
Timothy Sackton: there. I will
Timothy Sackton: pull my spirit into the tree.
Timothy Sackton: and you can take the ring back, and
Timothy Sackton: I think
Timothy Sackton: I think a new body is waiting for me
Eric Rosenbaum: now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm glad that we've been able to bring you here.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I
Eric Rosenbaum: you.
Eric Rosenbaum: I hate to say this, but
Eric Rosenbaum: we've put ourselves at risk, and come a long way to do so.
Eric Rosenbaum: What can you offer us
Timothy Sackton: in this?
Timothy Sackton: Trapped in the sling? Very little.
Eric Rosenbaum: But once you're free.
Timothy Sackton: what would you like?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: our primary concern at the moment is to find our way back to last. Light falls
Eric Rosenbaum: so that we can
Eric Rosenbaum: get back to where we came from.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can you help us about us?
Timothy Sackton: Simple enough. You
Timothy Sackton: return the way you came
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: us to find and rid of rid
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this rid all planes of Agata.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a worthy goal.
Timothy Sackton: I will gladly help you learn.
Timothy Sackton: I got his fate.
Timothy Sackton: That is a promise I can give.
Eric Rosenbaum: I accept.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take the ring from my finger and place it
Eric Rosenbaum: on the tree
Timothy Sackton: where
Timothy Sackton: a minute.
Timothy Sackton: 2 min.
Mike Sackton: where nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: everything is quiet
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: them. As this is going on, or as Eric does this. i'm not going to. i'm not going to speak with plants to communicate with nature yet, but i'm just going to like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: place my staff onto the tree, and just
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so i'm not actively doing that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just being with the tree just communing.
Timothy Sackton: So for
Timothy Sackton: 2, 3 min
Timothy Sackton: nothing happens. 4 min
Timothy Sackton: you start to here.
Timothy Sackton: The faint sound of laughter.
Timothy Sackton: 5 min!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, no.
Mike Sackton: no!
Mike Sackton: It's a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: tahini. A hand
Timothy Sackton: white and wrinkled, starts to reach out of the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: we
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that any I I need
Timothy Sackton: a Gothic emerges.
Timothy Sackton: and she says.
Timothy Sackton: I told you
Timothy Sackton: they have many identities
Rev. David (he/him): in personalities.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I told you we always prepare.
Timothy Sackton: Now I have fulfilled my promise
Eric Rosenbaum: you. I've learned to got this face.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could fix this right
Eric Rosenbaum: if you wish.
Eric Rosenbaum: Send you
Timothy Sackton: back to your world right now.
Timothy Sackton: I'm going to say in gratitude
Timothy Sackton: for the chaos you've caused in my name.
Timothy Sackton: The best civil war is always the one
Timothy Sackton: where every side believes they are right.
Rev. David (he/him): I wellbey does. Didn't hesitate. I lunch.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that's the role initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God, you guys, what we could get ourselves into
Mike Sackton: It's fine. It's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. There are so many things there because I I wanted to communicate. I was waiting, Tim for to commute with nature, and also speak with plants, and I was going to talk to the tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when I was like. You know what i'll wait until after Typhine is in the tree to talk with the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait!
Timothy Sackton: Let me let me throw all your tokens out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is probably going to be a runaway scenario. Huh!
Timothy Sackton: And you you!
Eric Rosenbaum: We were so cautious about Typhoon, and before I would barely even talk to her because it's like oh, she might not be who she says she is. But then we just started to trust her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We I thought this was a we. We were trusting secret. I thought you'd built some relationship with her in the pay. While you were trusting her work. She was like helping us figure out what to do, and
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know if I do. I have a
Timothy Sackton: I haven't
Mike Sackton: Calias token. there was one
Mike Sackton: because we had a combat with a token with Isaac.
Mike Sackton: I didn't you didn't have a good hex token.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, but I think I hold on. Did you get rid of it somehow?
Timothy Sackton: that's in a different game. But I've still got the token somewhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So the heartbeat guys give our allies trying to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Agata's previous name
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: something
Eric Rosenbaum: definitely? That's a please. Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my gosh.
Rev. David (he/him): Oh, shit! She
Eric Rosenbaum: look
Rev. David (he/him): well. It just strikes me she knows where we have the fly that answers to her on us
Eric Rosenbaum: going.
Timothy Sackton: Where is
Timothy Sackton: Where is Caius?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, I guess if we had not done this side quest, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we would have kept Typhinia Aka agata in the ring with us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just
Eric Rosenbaum: I have what?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But now we get to return her to her source of power.
Mike Sackton: Right? No, I mean that's fine.
Mike Sackton: I will not attack us.
Mike Sackton: There is nothing bad that will come here.
Mike Sackton: It's all fine.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Put your get. Put yourselves wherever you want.
Timothy Sackton: I assume
Timothy Sackton: Robbie is.
Timothy Sackton: Can I get the first one? For
Timothy Sackton: I know you're studying there talking to you. You can get it. I'll give you advantage on initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know, realistically. I've just placed the ring in the tree, so i'm like
Timothy Sackton: you're like right there. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We were probably kind of standing.
Eric Rosenbaum: We would have been close up together. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I assume Baxter is kind of off out of the way.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm on back.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenz, I was like commuting with the tree and shit over here. Probably
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Fuck.
Timothy Sackton: okay, let me
Timothy Sackton: combat here I got it. Do you have a second
Mike Sackton: token for Callist him?
Timothy Sackton: Oh, for your shadow. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: not a shadow. Echo.
Mike Sackton: There's a lot of prejudice against shadows.
Mike Sackton: Let's not call things chat as if they're not.
Timothy Sackton: I will upload a second token. Just it'll be just be the same. But
Mike Sackton: yeah, it'll have a different name. That's fine.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and hold on! Let me get some
bye.
Timothy Sackton: Where was that
Timothy Sackton: that I had for that? Hold on a sec.
Rev. David (he/him): I I didn't have a chance to set this all up. So just give me a minute to get Mike's tokens all side of things we we take like a 5 min. Breakfast. Yeah, yeah, let's take a 5 min break.
Timothy Sackton: That'll give me time to get everything set up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fucking. Walked right into that one.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, good job guys whoops.
We were 7
Timothy Sackton: over there.
Mike Sackton: Hey, Tim!
Mike Sackton: Just f way I, My great sort of wounding hit points lost to this weapons damage can only be regained through rest, not magic.
Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they can.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So we can't hear your voice.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I can't. I can't hear you either. Okay.
Mike Sackton: we can hear. I can hear you
come? Not them.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can I hear you
Timothy Sackton: right now?
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's in.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was Typhenia always a gota or Was that like like, Did you like like. Add that later.
Timothy Sackton: and it's always been a gata. I've just been waiting for like a year and a half
Rev. David (he/him): that must have been so satisfying you totally a 100% goddess.
Timothy Sackton: I was afraid when we were doing that text around that you were just going to send. Call us off to do this quest by himself
Eric Rosenbaum: that's gonna be like. Oh, no! What's gonna happen to him? But then I was like, actually, that would be great.
Timothy Sackton: But I got to a totally beat callous by himself.
Timothy Sackton: Congress would become a god to servant, and Mike's character could come back as like some evil Npc. Who'd tricked you later.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Other question. If I had actually talked to the tree, would it have said anything like Don't? Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what the fun?
Eric Rosenbaum: Or if any one of you
Timothy Sackton: I've been waiting for like
Timothy Sackton: a year and a half for one of you to look at this ring
Timothy Sackton: in Yodomus's mirror, which you never once did.
Timothy Sackton: because the whole I got this whole story would have been a total lie.
Eric Rosenbaum: I yeah, I do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Phineas. I was 3.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: only we had done that it was on our list, wasn't it?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it was on your list. You almost did like
Timothy Sackton: like a while ago, but I just got distracted by the new shiny thing we killed the got to once we can kill a got to again.
Rev. David (he/him): We' so many cards in the past year. At the end of it.
Timothy Sackton: It's like, oh, they're going to figure it out. Then what are they going to do?
Timothy Sackton: But no
Timothy Sackton: wow! And then, when when well be learned that I got to was still alive. I was like You're totally going to make the connection.
Rev. David (he/him): No.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. I okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Talking now.
Mike Sackton: Kenzie, you got a role in this? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Are you in about 24?
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why did my rolls not show up here? I don't understand me, too? That's fine.
Timothy Sackton: They show up in D and D. Beyond. That's fine.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll let it.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: maybe you're going to have extension very missile to for for to just switch Kenzo, and
Mike Sackton: well be
Mike Sackton: as well. Yeah, he's making the first. Yeah, yeah, let's do that.
Timothy Sackton: Because
Timothy Sackton: yeah, because there's no reason you both beat Agatha. So
Rev. David (he/him): I I like it actually, because I think
Mike Sackton: I think that so out of the corner of his eye sees well be going for an hour. Okay, so can't I? Actually, we put the jump. It's like, yeah, he he just can cow. That works.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, yeah, I like, I like that a lot, too. Good.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, ken's out. What are you doing?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nice soul site.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I just want to figure out what the Rica stable, though, is.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's your bonus action.
Timothy Sackton: Her weakest stat is
Timothy Sackton: Dex, her strongest is Charisma
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right? So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which one is which one of my attacks is the is there one where the depthsating for
Timothy Sackton: I think you've got a
Timothy Sackton: constitution, Charisma and wisdom.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll I'll I'll still go with i'll see if I can stop you stunning
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stunning. Okay.
the thought.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What's the what's the savings for the sunnings break
Timothy Sackton: Constitution?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'll do that. One.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So you run up soulsider
Timothy Sackton: an attacker?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why.
Timothy Sackton: 20 hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 14 damage.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: yeah, hold on. I need a
what happens on the token.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and she's got to You've made proposition system.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, She.
Timothy Sackton: you see, as you strike over their staff, she kind of
Timothy Sackton: stagger's back somewhat surprised that you
Timothy Sackton: that you leaned in, and that you ran in, and and, you know, attempted to
Timothy Sackton: attacker right when she was like thanking you for all the great work that you've done on your back.
Timothy Sackton: and as you strike like you, you feel like her.
Timothy Sackton: You reach out through your staff, and and you begin to like close down her
Timothy Sackton: her.
Timothy Sackton: and and she
Timothy Sackton: burns a legendary resistance and turns the failure into his success.
Mike Sackton: She's gotten more powerful, too, because she's in her freaking grove. well, I do my second attack. Now. Yeah, anything. It's not a strike again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: First you got it all. I had 21
Timothy Sackton: diets.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 7 damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. And another constitution saving so
Timothy Sackton: again, still surprised
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Burns our second legendary resistance. Wow! Well, these times these monsters have 3. Yeah, I was gonna say 3 is the common.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've done my job
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. Well for you.
Rev. David (he/him): let's see. I'm gonna take steady AIM and just
Rev. David (he/him): scooter with
Rev. David (he/him): everything I've got, and all 4 charges of the the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, all 4 charges of what?
Rev. David (he/him): the flaming boats
Timothy Sackton: that hits
Mike Sackton: awesome. So that is.
Rev. David (he/him): that
Rev. David (he/him): that's not a great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So Era strikes her.
Timothy Sackton: burst into flame.
Timothy Sackton: She kind of I mean. She
Timothy Sackton: shrugs us off a little bit, not looking like
Timothy Sackton: Duper happy at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: And then she on her turn after your arrow strikes her. She looks again. Sort of looks at all of you
Timothy Sackton: like.
Timothy Sackton: not exactly in surprise, but more. A sort of disappointment lies up into the air.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm not mad. I'm disappointed.
Timothy Sackton: She flies up into there about about 30 feet up
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: let's see she's going to.
Timothy Sackton: First of all she'll say
Timothy Sackton: what happened to that
Timothy Sackton: elf and stoneborne with you? Are they dead?
Timothy Sackton: And then she will turn her hags. Gaze on
Timothy Sackton: seeker.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you need to make a
Mike Sackton: we in the saving. Do we have any way of getting her to the ground?
Mike Sackton: Because
Mike Sackton: I may as well just go home.
Mike Sackton: and not
Mike Sackton: if we don't have any way of getting her to the ground unless Tim late, let me be a little cheesy with my echo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do I have any tools to help you with saving throws? I guess I have
Eric Rosenbaum: that one thing. I don't want to use that up yet, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so annoying. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't believe we're fighting a got to again right now.
Eric Rosenbaum: I make a wisdom saving throw, and
Eric Rosenbaum: and you succeed. Good for you.
Timothy Sackton: So nothing happens.
Timothy Sackton: And then a on the ground a
Timothy Sackton: math of yellowish
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: oozing fog.
Timothy Sackton: stop! It
Timothy Sackton: spreads on the ground.
Timothy Sackton: covering.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, how do I?
Timothy Sackton: 8 by 8? That's
Timothy Sackton: likely going to get everybody.
Timothy Sackton: 1, 2,
3, 4 first.
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: that'll go
Timothy Sackton: there.
Timothy Sackton: So everybody needs to make a constitution saving throw.
Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not looking. Great
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15.
Timothy Sackton: okay. So
Timothy Sackton: all of you fail.
Timothy Sackton: and you all take 22 points of poison damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Timothy Sackton: Baxter also needs to make a safe.
Rev. David (he/him): It's great.
There's a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Baxter also takes 22 points of poison damage
Eric Rosenbaum: great off! Thanks
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the letter.
Timothy Sackton: and then she whistles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Situation calls for. I don't know.
Timothy Sackton: And crawling
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: seeker, we need the ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: that's correct.
Timothy Sackton: Crawling out of wellbe's.
Rev. David (he/him): Yeah, the fly. No pocket
Timothy Sackton: as the fly
Timothy Sackton: seeker you're up.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: we had a new ladder made right?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you've got a ladder?
Eric Rosenbaum: I cast animating performance.
Mike Sackton: hey, Tim, is is she white
Mike Sackton: near the tree or anything like that.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, she's like she's like right here.
Timothy Sackton: so you can get up on the tree you could.
Mike Sackton: Well, I can up on the tree. I can summon an echo anywhere I want. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Did we decide that my inspiration actually now works?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: right retroactively.
Timothy Sackton: so you can use it at the moment when it's happening. yeah. So right? Yes, we did this. We were trying that out, and it seemed to work. Okay, so let's use that for now.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I don't need to use bonus actions for that. But I don't have much else I can do as a bonus action, do I?
Timothy Sackton: So where where are you putting the ladder?
Timothy Sackton: I mean it can rise so you could put it right here. I'm gonna send it right at her. Oh, nice ladder token that's new.
Timothy Sackton: is it? Is it large, or is it medium?
I don't?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: it depends on the dimensions of the ladder itself. I guess it's like a fifty-foot ladder. So yeah, i'll say it's large
Mike Sackton: does this poison feel like something that's going to hurt us if we stay in it. Yes, definitely. You might want to get out of the poison focus.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also, I run away.
Mike Sackton: not towards the fly. I would run past Cullis.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look over to the left.
Yeah.
Mike Sackton: So I'm going to have to go
Mike Sackton: towards the tree, I think.
Mike Sackton: Okay, cause you're next. Yeah, I know I kept my blue.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to do a lot of things.
It will be fun
Mike Sackton: of what it's like.
Mike Sackton: okay, so so call us is going to run towards the tree.
Mike Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4 like here!
Mike Sackton: And then his echo is going to appear in the branches.
you
Mike Sackton: that is directly above him.
Mike Sackton: and then it will attack
Mike Sackton: her.
Mike Sackton: a few other things are going to happen, though. But let's so. The actor is like right there, about 30 feet off. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: okay, that's my first attack at the wound damage. She just takes a wound. She takes the damage on her next turn. Actually.
Mike Sackton: I assume that heads.
Timothy Sackton: Yup, that hits is the spell concentration.
Mike Sackton: That's a T one.
Mike Sackton: All right. Attack 2 Does a 15 hit
Timothy Sackton: 15 in this?
Mike Sackton: Okay, a/C: 17.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I will then use my oh, she also takes an extra
Mike Sackton: 2D 8 damage, because i'm using a favorite. Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: one.
Mike Sackton: oh, it so dreadful! Strike one favorite foe, One, this, 2 s rolls shouldn't have happened once per turn. So she takes a extra damage. Okay, I will. Then my echo like, grow. It gets this burst of energy
Mike Sackton: and attacks again. Third attack.
Mike Sackton: okay, that goes
Mike Sackton: okay. 17. That hits another 15. Okay, I will then use an accent. Search attack again
Mike Sackton: that misses.
Mike Sackton: And again.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that is, Can you use your part of inspiration on that 13? Oh, yes.
Mike Sackton: and again
Mike Sackton: as one, the 8 Bartic inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's up to seeker to use a reaction.
Mike Sackton: Do you want to? I mean, I don't know if I use it
all right.
Mike Sackton: 7, that hits. Okay. So 6 6 attacks, 6 hits.
Timothy Sackton: Fighters are dasty guys. You should get a fighter in your party. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, no. Sorry. 6 attacks 5 Hits all that 6, yes, if downwards are here you could just fly. It wouldn't matter that she was up in the chair.
Mike Sackton: so I don't know how much damage that went, but I didn't add it all up.
Timothy Sackton: I've got it.
Mike Sackton: and then only 2D, 8 only the 8 extra. The those are once per turn, so the other attacks Don't, and then she gets one wound.
Mike Sackton: So on her next turn she has to roll a d 15 con, save or take, or whatever my first.
Mike Sackton: and none of this can be healed by healing, but
Mike Sackton: of any sort.
Timothy Sackton: She uses her last raid, and I resistance to maintain concentration.
Mike Sackton: Did she seriously pass?
Mike Sackton: 6 concentration saves.
Mike Sackton: Maybe she did. The past 5. Concentration saves. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: she has advantage on concentrations.
Mike Sackton: anyway. That was my
Rev. David (he/him): She is a gata, she's hopefully bloody by now. Oh, yeah, she is definitely wounded.
Mike Sackton: these 2 of those okay.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. Now the fly
Timothy Sackton: as dog do you bite? Well be.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Timothy Sackton: that's a 17.
Rev. David (he/him): That is just barely a hit.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So the first stabbing attack with its proviscus.
Mike Sackton: Is there a
Mike Sackton: Is there a bonus for using inspiration to hit.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, it doesn't ex just 7 points of thunder damage to that attack. I already.
Timothy Sackton: So you take 11 11 points of damage.
Timothy Sackton: sorry. 22 points of damage from the Pegasus attack a lavoly piercing and 11 necrotic.
Rev. David (he/him): I'm going to use my uncanny dodge to
Rev. David (he/him): that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and i'm as I'm doing it. I say to the like, You don't know this yet, but we're going to be great for it, and lung is at you again.
Timothy Sackton: like slap it like grabbing at you with its claws. That sort of grow from its legs.
Timothy Sackton: and that's a 17 that does.
Timothy Sackton: 6 points of slashing damage.
Rev. David (he/him): All right good.
Timothy Sackton: and that will end its turn. Kenza, you're up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It is now a Goth that is now out of saving groves. So yup!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He's about to get stunned.
Mike Sackton: The Tree Puncher.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was that?
Mike Sackton: I don't know you can fly.
Okay.
Mike Sackton: i'd said. Run up the tree, but you could just Raven's whistle.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, i'll just do that. That'll be the you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a ravens whistle up to her and I a stunning striker with my staff.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Boom 28.
Timothy Sackton: That it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how many key do you have left? Yeah. 11 damage? I've got 5 Q. Up
Timothy Sackton: at.
Timothy Sackton: She makes that safe
Timothy Sackton: which is not looking too good at this moment.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Second attack
bye.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 19,
Timothy Sackton: that it's
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 13 manage, and that's another stunning strike.
Timothy Sackton: She falls.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the spell disappears. I can finally.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then I bonus attack on the sheet. Wait! Did she stunning strike? She's stunned.
Mike Sackton: but doesn't the she fall from the air, she falls from the air. Yes, is she going to take damage when she hits the ground? Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and I like, Get down, and like, just knock her out.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean you can fall 60. You can fall 30 feet without taking any damage right. I know. I'm just saying, because I have a bonus action like for my bonus action, can I? Can. I just like knock her out?
Timothy Sackton: I mean she's not.
Mike Sackton: She's stunned, but she can. Still, she still doesn't Attack her. Okay, all right, then i'll just stack her. I'll attack her, and I don't Frank.
Rev. David (he/him): Whoa, we we we you could also tire up and give it to the Harpies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We've got to knock her out for it. She's not.
Rev. David (he/him): You're right.
Timothy Sackton: 18 hits!
Timothy Sackton: She's stunned. So you should have a I think you have advantage on these. Yeah, you do.
Mike Sackton: So we're all again to see if you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I do not grant that 25 I I did a lot of damage again. I'm: sorry. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll use one more key for flurry of blows.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: And I don't. And so I was just bubbling. I got
Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nasty 27,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 6 more damage.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: She's looking pretty badly hurt at this point.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know. It's going to take it in
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, it's well-being, and i'll be able to take it down. Oh, nice that's! That's appropriate.
Timothy Sackton: well be
Rev. David (he/him): and then back to her up.
Rev. David (he/him): We're going to deal with this fly.
Rev. David (he/him): And hopefully, if she fails her fire saving throw, maybe because she's still on fire.
Rev. David (he/him): so Baxter's going to chomp this fly.
and
Rev. David (he/him): that is is his.
Rev. David (he/him): Is it a strength or dexter's attack?
Timothy Sackton: whichever's higher.
all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Rev. David (he/him): all right. That's his attack on the
Timothy Sackton: that misses on the fly.
Rev. David (he/him): and then I will
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: doesn't want to take one
Rev. David (he/him): steady AIM and and stab it. I assume i'm in male with it.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: That that it
Mike Sackton: the credits for sure
Rev. David (he/him): that is a that's a happy crit
Rev. David (he/him): that's going to kill?
Mike Sackton: Wait! Do we want the fly to die, it reverts back to its fly form again. we've been through this before. Yeah, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: yup! The fly reverts back to a little ebony fly.
Rev. David (he/him): I'll hop down and pick it up.
Timothy Sackton: Drops to the ground. Not, cannot be used, for I think, a day or 2 I've waited exactly. Which
Timothy Sackton: was that your credit damage, or did it not roll twice? It's enrolled twice. Yeah, but it doesn't matter because
Mike Sackton: it's I was gonna say you should do a lot more damage than that on a credit.
Timothy Sackton: You needed like 5 more damage to kill it from that toad. So
Timothy Sackton: Agata is stunned.
Rev. David (he/him): All she can do on fire. She has to make
Rev. David (he/him): prosecution safe. I'd say, yeah.
Mike Sackton: also a DC. 15 con safe for the chronic wire.
Rev. David (he/him): It's a DC. 13 con for the fire.
Mike Sackton: Okay, she fails the necrotic blade. She makes the fire that she takes.
Mike Sackton: What? What was my first role? I don't even remember. It was like for 3 extra image. Okay?
Timothy Sackton: and she sort of
Timothy Sackton: staggers out
Timothy Sackton: There's so much, I can tell you.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't need to end like this.
Eric Rosenbaum: She did
Timothy Sackton: seeker. You're up
Eric Rosenbaum: secret, pats his pockets and comes up quickly with
Eric Rosenbaum: a tiny chunk of amber
Eric Rosenbaum: with a spider trapped inside, that you remember from being one of the things that we booted from her layer.
Eric Rosenbaum: and he quickly weaves a spell that launches it straight towards her.
Eric Rosenbaum: casting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are you in a fabric. Are you trapping her into that?
Mike Sackton: Zika's just taking her down?
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm shooting her with her own amber web. But can I get him out? Don't? We want to like, capture her or something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: while the web is a web that'll wrap around her as long as she doesn't die from this
Timothy Sackton: it's about. I didn't mean to do so much bludgeoning damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: You don't have to go to the lower level. Cast it up. Yeah, sorry. I didn't realize we need to do that again.
Timothy Sackton: Also, you know, I don't know if i's deck saving through us because she's stunned.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, amber gem flies out and cracks on her, and she like staggers back slightly, and then the web wraps around her. I don't even remember what that does anymore. I think it just restrict it just as the like the web spell right? So she's restrained.
Timothy Sackton: massive, sticky wedding and drafting this massive, sticky web. And now the latter.
Eric Rosenbaum: the latter attacks. oh, no, grapples right, although but she's already restrained. She's already restrained.
Eric Rosenbaum: So it'll just keep her in the shins. I don't know. Yeah, just because we're super advanced adventurers like, how do we just knock her out?
Mike Sackton: I mean you may, lee web any mayly attack you can do non-lethal damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: so the latter Can the water do not weeple damage? Yeah. Yeah, if it's a Mayly attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: you could say, don't kill our ladder.
Eric Rosenbaum: don't kill her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Just kick your in the shins.
Timothy Sackton: so I still still roll with advantage to
Timothy Sackton: or the latter to do not legal damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: God! I got that this point all right. This is like a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there
Eric Rosenbaum: wait. Oh, no, that's the damage role, for how do I do the attack? Roll this one d 20. Just your spell attack it's like a d 20 plus 7. But with a
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: yeah, you
Timothy Sackton: you had for sure.
Timothy Sackton: So she's like staggering back slightly stunned.
Timothy Sackton: kind of swaying on her feet a little bit. actually prone on the ground because she fell covered with the sticky whip. Harvard, with the sticky web restrained.
Timothy Sackton: Call us.
Mike Sackton: I will knock her out.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Need you want to play this out?
Mike Sackton: I can run
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that misses. Well, you have advantage. I have advantage
Mike Sackton: that didn't do that much better still, misses.
Rev. David (he/him): I really like that after like
Rev. David (he/him): just chopping her all to hell
Mike Sackton: smacking. Okay, he's on the grad, Cal. It's just kind of
Mike Sackton: what i'm trying not to kill her. I'm really bad at non lethal attacks
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a really big sword.
Mike Sackton: Is that enough to knock her out?
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: not quite.
Mike Sackton: I will use my last freakin
you
Mike Sackton: extra extra attack.
Mike Sackton: So is it. This is your echo. Doing this, so I will switch places with my echo. I'm standing there. I just i'm standing. But I will. I can
Mike Sackton: teleport.
Mike Sackton: Oh, no, it's only 30 feet out. My echo can do a 30 food move for free.
Timothy Sackton: Okay
Mike Sackton: it, the echoes, the only one that can take an extra attack.
Mike Sackton: Is that enough to knock her out?
Timothy Sackton: That does. And as your echo strikes her, and she falls unconscious.
Timothy Sackton: These
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: cloud of like mites and fleas like one that goes taking the death blow. Awesome. That's why I wanted to play it out. But very clever
Timothy Sackton: mites and flea is one upper arm, and swarm over the echo like devouring its arm. It vanishes because it only has one hit point.
Timothy Sackton: and she is unconscious on the ground.
Mike Sackton: Just a spite, I mean. I know she's like conscious, but it's his advantages. I'll just resell it.
Timothy Sackton: Just stand next to it. Say, that was very good, that the echo took the death blow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What would it happen to us if one about the day. By taking it you'd have taken a lot of necrotic damage.
Mike Sackton: Wow! I it was only because I missed on my first. That was faith
Mike Sackton: that was fate, because my echo is the only one that can take the third attack right?
Timothy Sackton: So a god is unconscious on the ground in front of you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I I talked with plants, and I actually changed it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that's what i'm doing right now. i'm gonna talk to the tree
Mike Sackton: can also look at all of you and say.
Mike Sackton: somebody, you know
Eric Rosenbaum: clearly. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I got a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: unarmed strike like studying. Strike is fucking awesome, like great student.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but really nice to use that. Yeah, you've gotten a lot stronger since you face the god of the first time. That is true.
Eric Rosenbaum: Would I say.
Eric Rosenbaum: really nice is Tim just absolutely like
to the
Eric Rosenbaum: that. That
Rev. David (he/him): and the couple 5 is really really really good for a positive.
Mike Sackton: But now, what are you going to do with her?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dem. I kenza. You see, Tenzo take his stat and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of there's in in the the roots, and the the kind of purpose into the roots like, takes his staff and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: gently puts it into the the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a root network of the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then you see this kind of shimmering blue light. I kind of start traveling up
can go into the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he's holding it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and his own eyes start
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of glowing a gentle blue from below. His eyes are closed, and Tim, I talked to the tree
Timothy Sackton: very, very slowly. You feel the tree begin to wake up
Timothy Sackton: and look at you.
Timothy Sackton: or or
Timothy Sackton: commune with you.
Timothy Sackton: What do you want to ask it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: My name is Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm here with friends
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: onions.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What is your relationship with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or what's that? That's a piece.
Timothy Sackton: do you?
Or do you?
Timothy Sackton: The voice comes very slowly, as if this creature is struggling to speak or struggling to wake.
Timothy Sackton: Creature
Timothy Sackton: stone.
Timothy Sackton: a living wood for me.
Timothy Sackton: turned it to evil.
You
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: maybe return it. Where is the living wood now?
Rev. David (he/him): We destroy?
Mike Sackton: If we did destroy it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what was that you destroyed it?
Mike Sackton: It was the thing that she was using to make all the wooden people. We decided it was too evil to survive.
Timothy Sackton: It is gone.
you.
Timothy Sackton: but I am still here.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would come a week of you. Now
you
Timothy Sackton: there is.
Timothy Sackton: There is much I could ask.
Timothy Sackton: but I do not
Timothy Sackton: do not place an obligation on you to accept any of us.
Timothy Sackton: Grove.
You.
Timothy Sackton: my forest.
Timothy Sackton: It's a new guardian.
Timothy Sackton: someone who can stay.
Timothy Sackton: protect us.
Timothy Sackton: attack this place
Timothy Sackton: until the Cloud Spinner returns
whenever that time should be.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're all making meaningful glances here.
Rev. David (he/him): Everybody's looking at callous like here at N. PC.
Rev. David (he/him): First give us all your money and magic.
Mike Sackton: Let's see there's a few things I should get rid of first, so there is much good that still can be done in this place.
Timothy Sackton: and with
Timothy Sackton: typhoid.
Timothy Sackton: with
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with Bella to our dead
my door.
Timothy Sackton: The lady of
Timothy Sackton: the lady even saw even tide
Timothy Sackton: lost in the wanderings of the Cloud Palace.
Timothy Sackton: There are a precious few who can defend the pockets of amberglow where
Timothy Sackton: people still wear
Timothy Sackton: a fay, can still tread safely.
Mike Sackton: Alice sort of steps forward.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You you don't You're not I'm. This is a one i'm having a conversation with the
Mike Sackton: I'm. I'm just commuting with the tree. You guys, nobody's talking yet. Kenza will presumably report that I will. I will. I'm sorry I didn't realize that I I thought that right. Continue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We appreciate your soon to be noble sacrifice like that. No, it's because redemption come on, it totally is so. Wait, Wait!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was, was was the street, saying anything else.
Timothy Sackton: Now the tree is done
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so Belatore, Dasakles, Trevinia.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Agata.
Timothy Sackton: these are like all her molten. These are all her different like himc names. No Baltar is from the from the intro that you.
Timothy Sackton: Belter, was a
Timothy Sackton: another Fay, who sacrificed himself to
Timothy Sackton: protect the ruins of the Cloud Palace, and waving even Star still alive.
Timothy Sackton: Lady: yeah, lady. Even Tad's, or even in the sky
Timothy Sackton: still alive, Seeker met her right Cows met her.
Timothy Sackton: and Typhonia was a real person who actually was killed by Agatha and never survived.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, dark
Timothy Sackton: like there was a place I got to got the personality from
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and what is your name
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the tree?
Timothy Sackton: I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Gp: 2 is right there.
Timothy Sackton: What?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Gp: 3 is right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice
Timothy Sackton: the heartwood tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of a tree. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I am called the eternal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Dasakles. Egata.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're not dead yet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's unconscious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What do you think we should do with them?
Timothy Sackton: There is no redemption for one such as that. Can you imprison her?
You
Timothy Sackton: I could.
Timothy Sackton: but I would fear
Timothy Sackton: the corruption that she might
Timothy Sackton: bring to this grove even
Timothy Sackton: trapped
you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Can we leave her with you?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Or would you prefer that we destroy her?
Timothy Sackton: The Cloud Spinner should
Timothy Sackton: past judgment over her
Timothy Sackton: until she returns?
Mike Sackton: Are we having to imprison her
Timothy Sackton: if a guardian will stay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so vows deeply to the tree.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then kind of comes out of his trance.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looks back at the companions
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: relays the conversation.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: At each mention of the request for a guardian a you know somebody to come and be a protector. kind of like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But Kenza relays to relays the the conversation he has with the tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with the eternal.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and does look knowingly. No, he doesn't actually get a slap him, but just kind of looks it in.
Mike Sackton: call us sort of looks around it.
Mike Sackton: the 3 of you
Mike Sackton: and steps
Mike Sackton: towards the tree.
Mike Sackton: I think it was my
Mike Sackton: fate to have met you.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo goes back under, and just we'll we'll play translator, and he he shared he'll. He'll communicate to the tree with calls the same
Mike Sackton: I mean to you guys right now, not to the
Mike Sackton: long ago.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: in the clear places in the fay wild like this. I can remember that it was long ago.
Mike Sackton: I did.
Something
Mike Sackton: cannot recall what.
Mike Sackton: but it hurt
Mike Sackton: the clad spinner greatly
Mike Sackton: is
Mike Sackton: hard
Mike Sackton: to seek redemption for things you cannot remember.
Mike Sackton: but perhaps in this place
Mike Sackton: I can find it.
Mike Sackton: He
Mike Sackton: takes his tavern
Mike Sackton: off
Mike Sackton: and hands it to you.
You
Mike Sackton: drank, or may be gone from the world that
Mike Sackton: you live in.
Mike Sackton: but it was a great ideal.
Mike Sackton: If there are
Mike Sackton: places
Mike Sackton: still like it, I would have you remember
Mike Sackton: what was best of drain corps.
Mike Sackton: Alice, take take this as a reminder.
Mike Sackton: and then he, like he reaches out to the tree.
Mike Sackton: just puts his hand on the tree.
Mike Sackton: because echo kind of is like hearing about like in the branches of the tree. You just, he says something in
Mike Sackton: Jane Cory and herself and her both.
Mike Sackton: I am ready, or something like that.
Mike Sackton: Go ahead. Sorry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Kendall also says that you know. Call us before we leave.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tell me your story, and i'll be sure that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: restoring this on
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in that drank course past.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and the goodness of the
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: tell it to you as best I can.
Mike Sackton: There are many gaps.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I suspect
Mike Sackton: not. All I remember is true.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, there's one thing I've learned in my in my short time in the very well a short time in a long time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're all about the same, anyways.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: my story.
Mike Sackton: bye.
Mike Sackton: A.
Mike Sackton: I was the only child, much to my parents disappointment.
Mike Sackton: and I don't remember much of my childhood schooling, military training.
Mike Sackton: My first clear memory
Mike Sackton: being appointed commander of the third Syllabus legion.
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: swore allegiance personally to the Emperor. I remember the
Mike Sackton: the place and the ceremony like it was yesterday
Mike Sackton: Empire Helia.
Mike Sackton: a blond woman.
Mike Sackton: She was very striking.
Mike Sackton: wearing the robes of the ceremonial robes of gold and a golden crown with a diamond set in it.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I gave my oath to her, she holding a powerful scepter.
Mike Sackton: Now
Mike Sackton: she was
Mike Sackton: kind and private, although in public
Mike Sackton: she always seemed quite fearsome.
Mike Sackton: What she said to me I still remember.
Mike Sackton: she said, while your oath is to me your obligation is to the ideal of drank, or
Mike Sackton: a haven of safety and peace from the darkness for all humankind.
Mike Sackton: Remember that, and your command will be a great one.
Mike Sackton: I like to think that I did.
Mike Sackton: although I admit I cannot remember.
Mike Sackton: My next memory is a battle
of a
Mike Sackton: fighting in a forest
Mike Sackton: by soldiers standing fast backed by the warm ages, the warm mages of drank, or were a sight to see.
Mike Sackton: rank upon rank of
Mike Sackton: mages firing their spells of the enemy.
Mike Sackton: I remember
Mike Sackton: being warned by the elves of a danger of an army of giants coming from the mountains.
Mike Sackton: The battle was fierce, but I remember clearly the face of this frost giant I defeated.
Mike Sackton: He was huge.
Mike Sackton: 2030 feet tall.
Mike Sackton: his heads nearly as big as myself.
Mike Sackton: his eyes angry and clouded
Mike Sackton: as I avoided his acts and struck the killing blow.
Mike Sackton: I remember Peace coming to his face, and a murmur
Mike Sackton: so low that only I could hear it some
Mike Sackton: message, but I can't remember the words.
Mike Sackton: Something about a curse.
Mike Sackton: perhaps
Mike Sackton: the Emperor
Mike Sackton: Helia.
Mike Sackton: and a shadowy force.
Mike Sackton: I know not what.
Mike Sackton: I remember an Elven city
Mike Sackton: rowing from the trees, all golden, white, and elegance
Mike Sackton: spiraling in the branches. It was like nothing you would ever have seen.
Mike Sackton: White, stangling
Mike Sackton: elves everywhere. Many more than I usually would have seen
Mike Sackton: a large full of life and song and wine and beauty.
Mike Sackton: I remember
Mike Sackton: bringing an urgent message to them.
Mike Sackton: I was. I was
Mike Sackton: bringing them a message, but again I can't remember of what, but something
Mike Sackton: something that had to be kept secret from the Empire from the imperial channels.
Mike Sackton: I remember
Mike Sackton: a messenger coming to my command, her horse nearly written to death.
Mike Sackton: She great greeted me with the handshake, and
Mike Sackton: I don't know
Mike Sackton: why this name stands out but the Peregrine fellowship
Mike Sackton: something. I was part of
Mike Sackton: a society of Travelers and pilgrims, a group dedicated to finding fellowship and support on their frontier.
Mike Sackton: She was exhausted. Her horse rode almost to death.
Mike Sackton: and I remember the message. The message is the one thing I remember clearly of the whole day.
Mike Sackton: The ominous poorer have struck the first blow.
Mike Sackton: Emperor Helia has been killed, and war is coming.
Mike Sackton: I remember that because that's the day the war started the war. I keep asking.
Mike Sackton: I guess it has ended for many years now
Mike Sackton: you know not how.
Mike Sackton: I remember hosting a feast, a celebration.
Mike Sackton: There was tables heaped with delicacies, meat pies, a roast pig.
Mike Sackton: red cheese, even some rare Alvin delicacies, a cake made with a rare fruit.
Mike Sackton: some tree, the sisla tree. I think
Mike Sackton: I don't remember what that means, but it was a big deal. The elves were sharing it.
Mike Sackton: Wine flew freely. The soldiers were happy.
Mike Sackton: I remember the songs, they saying, long with the new and progression, Long may he rule.
Mike Sackton: Wang may live, and progressions swiftly may he defeat the traders.
Mike Sackton: the elves. Even the Alvin ambassador was there.
Mike Sackton: and some of the locals. They were these people who worship strange little gods.
Mike Sackton: I remember marching at the head of my legion
Mike Sackton: arrayed for war, leaving my camp after several victories against the allies of the Omnis.
Mike Sackton: we're marching towards a town. The name sticks in my mind. I do not know. Why
Mike Sackton: are some
Mike Sackton: I was hoping
Mike Sackton: not to fight for. We were going to destroy the teleportation circle there.
Mike Sackton: There were circles we used to travel
Mike Sackton: many miles through these teleportation circles.
Mike Sackton: Are they not still there?
Eric Rosenbaum: We know that
perhaps there.
Mike Sackton: Anyway, we were to hold this teleportation circle against the Omnis.
Mike Sackton: this Para and their allies.
Mike Sackton: and I remember leading the charge into the great hall where the circle sits.
Mike Sackton: only to discover the mages in weight.
Mike Sackton: The world turned upside down as we were flung to the ceiling, as if gravity had reversed.
Mike Sackton: crushed against the wall.
Mike Sackton: And I do not
Mike Sackton: remember more.
Mike Sackton: My last memory is the one I shared at the beginning of this when we met.
Mike Sackton: How I came to be here fighting the Dragon.
Mike Sackton: Red and black Scales
Mike Sackton: losing
Mike Sackton: the fight.
Mike Sackton: a route running, finding the Elven stones, the treaty stones
Mike Sackton: reaching one
Mike Sackton: and appearing here.
Mike Sackton: Since then it's fragmentary.
Mike Sackton: I remember the Cloud Spinner, but
Mike Sackton: can't say how or why.
Mike Sackton: or who she was. I remember
Mike Sackton: wandering.
Mike Sackton: helping travelers, remembering, forgetting, remembering, and forgetting again and again.
Mike Sackton: I think it's been my curse
Mike Sackton: every time I came close to remembering my past and what had happened, and
Mike Sackton: where I was really, and how long it had been.
Mike Sackton: something happened i'd forget again. Go back to that day that I had just come through believing that there was still a war to win
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as a
Mike Sackton: that. I just here is the first place, I think I can remember clearly since I've been
Mike Sackton: done, whatever has happened to the Cloud Spinner
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as the entire time. Council speaking, Kenzo is alternating between rapidly etching into the into his staff, which again, it's very strange. You're kind of watching him etching to the staff, and there's definitely Some seems to be some magic, some like kind of glowing light, as he's etching.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he seems to be etching in the same place. But it looks like there's more being written. It's a strange optical effect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then, as he's etching there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he takes out another piece of wood and and starts you know, kind of quickly carving into it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then, after a few moments, hands over to call us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: little figurine of himself.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But the figurine is like kind of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sitting atop this this base, like a circular base, with some drawings around the base that are basically of of us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: this the 3 of us and some etchings, showing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the story of what happened
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: today in our time together.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and he hands it over to to call us.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've captured your story, so it will not be forgotten. Callous.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When we return to Talgar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your story will live on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and may you remember us by this as well.
Mike Sackton: I will
Mike Sackton: hope that I do.
Mike Sackton: Memory in this place is not
Mike Sackton: straightforward.
Mike Sackton: and if you do.
Mike Sackton: when you are back in Talgar.
Mike Sackton: look for the ominous, poorer
Mike Sackton: look for signs of them.
Mike Sackton: I fear
Mike Sackton: something happened.
Mike Sackton: The war was
Mike Sackton: not one by the
Mike Sackton: sides
Mike Sackton: who upheld the ideals of drinker.
I fear
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: part of the omnis fora before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I remember that name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's what tens of glances at Seeker and well, the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I was in the dream world
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with Kendrsa, however, many feels like ages ago.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I remember seeing why
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: battling it something.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: probably a poly on the other.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that Apollon stood with a group of mages.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and they chanted that name.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I didn't understand it at the time
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ominous.
Eric Rosenbaum: but they seem as they've been heard of that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kura p you are at.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but they seem to even look for just one of circus
Rev. David (he/him): you should keep rolling.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They seem to be allies or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: minions
of a poly. On.
Eric Rosenbaum: There was another theme of purity that we encountered.
Mike Sackton: It's por up
Mike Sackton: meant to
Mike Sackton: Why, purity Tim.
Timothy Sackton: yeah.
you
Eric Rosenbaum: It was the werewolves wasn't it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, the were lost
Eric Rosenbaum: the pure
Timothy Sackton: wait. The werewolves
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: weren't they weren't they trying to make everybody pure?
Timothy Sackton: No, that was foul style.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, Fausto, I just remember.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Talking about the impure.
Mike Sackton: bad the i'm just.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But and it's totally fast now.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They are. No, no, no, he's just a henchman.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But he's he's he's one of the ominous Pira. Yeah, he probably is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I work with a bad guy working with a poly on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so yeah. So so tell us if you put your hand on the tree, after all, though.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So as callous as you put your hand on the tree, you
Timothy Sackton: For a moment you feel sort of
Timothy Sackton: blank. And then
Timothy Sackton: you you remember this place
Timothy Sackton: you've traveled here before.
Timothy Sackton: In fact, you start to remember
Timothy Sackton: more of your travels through
Timothy Sackton: through amberglow in the past.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to piece together. The time that the distant past is still fragments.
Timothy Sackton: Your memories of drank are no different than before. Even the early days of
Timothy Sackton: when you came here.
Timothy Sackton: When amberglow was full of beauty and light
Timothy Sackton: is still.
Timothy Sackton: it feels like looking through a smeared lens. The image is tough to pierce together.
Timothy Sackton: But your
Timothy Sackton: time traveling in the past
Timothy Sackton: while
Timothy Sackton: seems to come into focus and and
Timothy Sackton: and you
Timothy Sackton: can remember now you've
Timothy Sackton: you know you've helped people in this
Timothy Sackton: place before
Timothy Sackton: you've
Timothy Sackton: brought people here to the grove before.
Timothy Sackton: and we're looking for safety.
Timothy Sackton: And
Timothy Sackton: as those memories come back to you also the
Timothy Sackton: the sort of
Timothy Sackton: feeling that
Timothy Sackton: here is.
Timothy Sackton: Here is a place
Timothy Sackton: you can wait.
Timothy Sackton: Here is a place you can find purpose.
Timothy Sackton: Still, knowing that nobody can send you back to Talgar except the Cloud Spinner, although not sure you even necessarily want to go back with what you've just heard. But
Mike Sackton: to show up at some point to like help kill a poly on right? Well, maybe not, but maybe.
Mike Sackton: but maybe.
Timothy Sackton: but feeling like
Timothy Sackton: your memories
Timothy Sackton: somehow, this this tree, somehow, this forest
Timothy Sackton: is also holding your memories
Timothy Sackton: and helping them Stay.
Timothy Sackton: stay intact. And as you, as you bind yourself to the tree, those memories come flooding back
Timothy Sackton: the sense of distortion of time in the Fay Wild is very hard to fight, and
Timothy Sackton: many people who travel here for any length of time find their memories jumbled and
Timothy Sackton: out of order and loss. But something about the
Timothy Sackton: something about the nature of this forest
Timothy Sackton: helps keep them clear, and you feel
Timothy Sackton: you feel more clear-headed than you have in a long time.
Timothy Sackton: as the rest of you
Timothy Sackton: turn to go. If it doesn't, unless there's anything else you want to
Timothy Sackton: role, play
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker's been
Eric Rosenbaum: sort of
Eric Rosenbaum: vaguely poking around with a stick at
Eric Rosenbaum: Agata's body.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, Kenza relays how the the tree is gonna
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They're going to they're going to imprison the gata for now until the it's been a
Eric Rosenbaum: since a lot.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So as you're as you're doing, the seeker, you see, like a crack open up in the sire of this tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Timothy Sackton: 2 roots reach out and sort of grab a gotcha's body and wash it
Timothy Sackton: anchor inside the tree in the
Timothy Sackton: crack closes again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Awesome! That's good.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I take a little video of that with my iphone. And
you.
you!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You should do that. By the way secret. You should create little like animations that you can recall that are like little little, you know, like of a, you know.
Timothy Sackton: So you're trying to go.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Kenzo Kenzo, you know, Gives gives callous a grateful and shaken.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know. Pat on the back.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then gives a grateful vow to the tree before departing in.
Timothy Sackton: As you begin to walk back
Timothy Sackton: across the Fiji even call us
Timothy Sackton: to his new role.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker kind of
Eric Rosenbaum: get the ring Shakies in here are no voices from the ring, although now secret of you die.
Timothy Sackton: your soul can be trapped in the ring.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: if if you, whoever is wearing the ring. If they die, and there's nobody trapped. There's no nobody's still there. You can choose to remain in the ring instead of passing on to the next world.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, my God! Because like I would have died now
Eric Rosenbaum: the ring of soul traffic!
Timothy Sackton: You walk back across the across the Faye wild across these
Timothy Sackton: fields of
Timothy Sackton: grass, dead and mostly colorless.
Timothy Sackton: passing the pillars.
Timothy Sackton: returning again to last light falls
Timothy Sackton: where you wait.
Timothy Sackton: Watch your thread
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: a moment. Some time later
Timothy Sackton: it turns
Timothy Sackton: a burnished red color.
Timothy Sackton: and you
Timothy Sackton: next time step into the pool.
Timothy Sackton: I guess.
Mike Sackton: leave the fail out.
Timothy Sackton: Seeker is not ready to leave
Eric Rosenbaum: as we wait. I've been jotting down my notes in my
and
Eric Rosenbaum: tacked on Appendix Section to my copy. Of.
Eric Rosenbaum: of course.
Eric Rosenbaum: more of the fairy Wild.
Eric Rosenbaum: hoping to
Eric Rosenbaum: add to any future edition
Eric Rosenbaum: we should wait for
Eric Rosenbaum: and actually like returned.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, gonna give him a few minutes
Timothy Sackton: for the last return to talk our scene.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I's good to him.
Mike Sackton: Did not see that coming.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, you you got us?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, that was fun. Fucking rang the whole time.
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you wearing the red seeker? Yeah, he's been wearing the ring for this entire time because it's never questioned
Timothy Sackton: the story of some random fay who just spoke to you after immediately after you killed a daughter.
Rev. David (he/him): But in fairness we didn't question the story of the people who were turned to wood like
Rev. David (he/him): like she was of a piece with all the other captives like.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, yeah, it's totally safe by just another cap that day, you know.
Timothy Sackton: No, I I just kept expecting you to.
Timothy Sackton: So it to the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right? Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: it's so close. So there were subtle clues that we missed that you were saying.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I don't really know harpies.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's messy
Timothy Sackton: not there weren't that many I mean it wasn't designed for it to be easy to figure out right like, unless you had shown the ring to the mirror. You really couldn't have figured it out. I remember we were about to show the ring of the mirror like, like, yeah, there was like one time where it came up, and it was like, oh, we're gonna do it. And then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: somebody at the last minute like said, oh, why don't we do this other thing and said.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that would have made it pretty obvious. But
Timothy Sackton: yeah, other than especially because I got to didn't know you had that mirror, so she wouldn't have been able to prepare a lie about that.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah, like the harpies maybe could have.
Timothy Sackton: I mean.
Timothy Sackton: everybody was very unclear. Exactly who
Timothy Sackton: nobody ever said
Timothy Sackton: Dasakles is Typhinia.
Timothy Sackton: So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's really good. Tim.
Mike Sackton: Yeah,
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So last scene as you
Timothy Sackton: seekers holding this thread that turns. This burnished red color of the sunset, indicating that
Timothy Sackton: the portal, the Faye crossing here at last light falls as open.
You
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: the 3 of you
Timothy Sackton: go ahead.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there one other thing I can do with that True, Sam. I can record this with you, sure.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. But I I haven't I Haven't. Well, I i'm just gonna ask the the tree for some key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which, after what we did, they may be out, not on an unworthy thing for it to ignite.
Timothy Sackton: I'll think about that fake, he fay wild. I don't know if there really is like fay-while
Timothy Sackton: right? It's a very different kind of magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I got. We got all kinds of weird shit. We could store it, though.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ride pieces of jade, some all kinds of things that can store some weird, they well imagine. So.
Timothy Sackton: come back. So as you step through, step into this pool, you'll switch us back to last night, falls.
Timothy Sackton: Step into this pool.
Timothy Sackton: you find yourself
Timothy Sackton: standing
Timothy Sackton: on the plans of Dunmar
Timothy Sackton: in late November
Timothy Sackton: mid November. You're not sure the time, but it's definitely November
Timothy Sackton: the sun just beginning to sat
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: camp set up
Timothy Sackton: outside
Timothy Sackton: the pool.
Timothy Sackton: sitting
Timothy Sackton: sitting out of the tent, staying outside the tent
Timothy Sackton: Sharpening, holding a sword, holding an Alvin sword.
Timothy Sackton: You see.
Mike Sackton: you should award be right at whole thing. I have didn't have time to prepare it. okay? Well, we'll do that in January. No, no, no, we could do it now. I just give me 30 s to think. Okay, or 5 s even. I mostly have it ready.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: you see, an Alf sitting outside the Ted.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that we have
Mike Sackton: no
Mike Sackton: no hint of shadow whatsoever. In fact.
Mike Sackton: at first you'd think, wait. Is this
Mike Sackton: you like? It looks like tell with. But is it like every
Mike Sackton: Nothing's different? Exactly. It's not like his face has changed, or
Mike Sackton: anything like that. But he just
Mike Sackton: in lots of little ways looks
different.
Mike Sackton: there's he's wearing
Mike Sackton: a suit of
Mike Sackton: there.
Mike Sackton: I guess he'd be wearing it a suit of
Mike Sackton: of like hide armor like he's not wearing a shadow armor. It's gone, you know where it is.
Mike Sackton: he's wearing this suit of like
Mike Sackton: tight armor that looks subtle like
Mike Sackton: It's subtle. It doesn't look so armor-like as his as his old shadow armor
Mike Sackton: props. Next to him is a shield a brightly colored shield.
Mike Sackton: with 2 Wxes painted on it.
Mike Sackton: and like
Mike Sackton: link like bobcats. Okay?
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: It's just it's it's
Mike Sackton: it's clearly like a
Mike Sackton: battle shield right like I mean. It's not decorative, but it's it's just it. It's yellow and green, and somewhat brightly colored. the bobcat's eyes.
Mike Sackton: There's 2 of them. They're sort of glowing like they're looking around
Mike Sackton: And in fact, when you.
Mike Sackton: when you.
Mike Sackton: as you appear like one of them.
Mike Sackton: almost comes off the shield and goes goes like sniffing around towards you and me doesn't like it's just a ghostly
Mike Sackton: moment right like it's not
Mike Sackton: doesn't. Stay that way.
Mike Sackton: shadowy bobcat that's like not Chatterly at all. No, it's actually very
Mike Sackton: It's very
Mike Sackton: natural like it doesn't it. It.
It
Mike Sackton: it doesn't seem like it's not like a shadow. Ghosty sort of thing at all right like it. Just it has the feel of a bump
Mike Sackton: right like it. You don't quite see it. You just feel like there was a a cat like Presence moving
Mike Sackton: moving around
Mike Sackton: right? So it's ghostly in that sense it's not ghostly like it's dark, shadowy at all.
Mike Sackton: And
Mike Sackton: that
Mike Sackton: he
Mike Sackton: stands and and
Mike Sackton: looks surprise. Well, I so I have no idea what's happened. Honestly, I don't know how della's got it here.
Mike Sackton: just supposed to describe him. Okay, No reaction, No reaction. Fine. So yeah, he
Mike Sackton: stands up
Mike Sackton: and he just looks
Mike Sackton: morit
Mike Sackton: peace than you've ever seen him.
Mike Sackton: And there's a there's sort of a
Mike Sackton: You almost get the sense of a divine.
Mike Sackton: There's something godly.
Mike Sackton: floating around the camp.
Timothy Sackton: and we will pick up in January.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Rev. David (he/him): wow!
Mike Sackton: Sorry that was for the moment, Mike. I thought it would be a nice way to add. No, no, it was. It was good. Actually, it was perfect. I just 30 s word. It would have helped me for this slide.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm not buying any of that
Rev. David (he/him): now. It's like you saw him. It's real. I don't know. Maybe he's found the the cloak, and it's concealing his true nature from the soul side.
Timothy Sackton: So okay, it's time to go to bed. But before we go to bed, okay, what did Chat Gpt write? And what did I write
Timothy Sackton: of that session
Mike Sackton: chat? Gbt wrote the nymph
Mike Sackton: you wrote the Harpies, and
Mike Sackton: that
Timothy Sackton: yeah, I definitely read the tree
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: parties are the nymph.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: The Harpies are pretty cool.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If the Chappy Gpt wrote the Harpies. That would have been pretty interesting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think you were then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hmm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What you guys like.
Rev. David (he/him): I think.
Rev. David (he/him): like a substantial to that.
Eric Rosenbaum: It could be
Rev. David (he/him): the level of detail and names
and
Rev. David (he/him): events. Yeah, like the the whole, the whole, the whole average of the full of hope, free plot with the other fee
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: like Balimore. And whatever yeah, that's my guess.
I'm with that.
Timothy Sackton: That's I wrote the first 2 paragraphs, and it filled in the rest.
Timothy Sackton: I changed. I added to to Fin there, there, and a few other things. It actually came up with the Harpies. I wanted, like cool allies for a for a tag.
Timothy Sackton: and it suggested
Timothy Sackton: heartbees could attack the adventures as they cross the planes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But that was cool, though, because the heartbees they were trying, they were trying. They were actually on our side. They were trying to get yeah, and we killed them because you didn't understand. But they were. We only told 40 of them. We did. We did. Okay, yeah, you only came 40. That's not horrible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's cool, though, like that's cool that we like killed things that we're supposed to kill like that's that's nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then and then you wrote the name for him.
Timothy Sackton: I at the nymph, and then chat, gpt generated the description of the where the nymph lives, based on my characterization of the nymph and
Timothy Sackton: mid journey, generated the background from a prompt that Chat Gbp generated
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: by the way to them. I know the perfect place that the key from the tree can live
Timothy Sackton: where
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: inside the right.
Eric Rosenbaum: the ring does store say energy. Then that's exactly what it does. Fill up that ring with some some tricky.
Timothy Sackton: I'll think about it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, guys.
Timothy Sackton: I gotta go to bed. That was fun.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think those combats were
Mike Sackton: went well, just as
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: they felt snappy in a good way.
Mike Sackton: Okay, Good night. Everybody
Rev. David (he/him): see.